Okay, so this book recommendation I've been waiting to get to because this book changed my life. I highly recommend that every business owner reads it. The premise of the book is written by Brendan Cain.

Brendan Cain was Taylor Swift's marketing manager and has done marketing for countless other companies and individuals. His philosophy breaks down marketing very simply. You're going to test.

You're going to hypothesize first. We imagine the scientific process. It's very simple.

I have a hypothesis. I have an idea of something that could work. You take that idea and you test that idea.

Based on those tests, you have the results. Based on those results, you pivot, which is the last step. I hypothesize that if I run PPC ads this way, doing this thing, that it's going to work.

Now I test. Based on those test results, now I pivot based on those results. I found that the ads targeting a specific type of offer or a specific type of discount are working with more of an elderly audience, so I'm going to target that audience.

I found that my hypothesis was running a holiday special for December worked, or Thanksgiving special or Christmas special hypothesized that it would be attractive and that people would jump on that offer. So I test it and maybe I test it and it blows up in my face and it doesn't work. Right.

Well, now I'm going to pivot based on that. Is it that my offer was wrong? Is my creative was wrong? Or is it that the idea overall just doesn't make sense to do and there isn't a way for me to make that work? Right. So the philosophy of marketing is very simple.

This is what the book that I recommend, One Million Followers by Brendan Cain, I think everybody should read it. There's another one that I love a lot. It's called This is Marketing by Seth Godin, a legend in the marketing world.

And then just for other names and other people I like, I learned a lot from Ari Sherson for e-com and ads. Learned a lot from Alex Ramosi, a great resource for marketing, $100 million offers, $100 million leads. What's another one here? Someone else that is great is Dan Henry.

Russell Brunson is also another great resource. Those are the ones that come top of mind. I love Dan and Chip Heath, they've got great stuff as well.

But the one book out of all of them I would recommend would be One Million Followers. And then if you wanted a second book, I'd look at This is Marketing by Seth Godin.