Okay, so as far as how we actually started getting leads in our own journey, we used Thumbtack in the beginning. Like I said, we spent about $4,000 in the first month, something around there, like another $2,000, $3,000, something like that, second month. Spent a bunch of money in our first two months of starting the business, because like I said, we didn't have the clothes, while we struggled on the labor side. 

Now, from doing Thumbtack, we kept doing that for about four or five months. From there, we then did Google Business Profile. So I spent about two months researching heavily, as I've mentioned, took a lot of time implementing that, and we had great results by doing that, and every single person here is able to do that.

So I recommend that you go and do that. I don't know why it's not tracking my face here. There we go. 

So I highly recommend that you go and do that. So our stuff is just breaking. And then after Google Business Profile, then we tested Facebook ads. 

Facebook ads were a bust for us. They might not be for you, but we spent a bunch of money, only got two bookings, just did not make sense. From there, we tried Google Ads. 

Google Ads has been great for us. We did not do LSA, because like I said, LSA was a $70 to $90 call. So basically, just focusing on Thumbtack for six months of the business and continue to use Thumbtack, but we definitely spent well over 10 grand, probably closer to 20 grand with Thumbtack.

And for Google Business Profile, that's what we did. I've gotten lots of leads and continue to get more leads continually from that, and the growth has been phenomenal with that. I've done that for others. 

So I show it in this group. I used to charge people a lot to do that. Now you're able to just go and do it yourself. 

And then, of course, if you want help with that, and you want to actually jump on a call, we can do that. But really, everything you need is already here in the modules and such. And then Google PBC, that's been wonderful for us. 

But LSA might work better in your area. Thumbtack might not work in your area. It really just depends on your business, your area. 

So that's why I'm going to test everything and see what works best for you.