Alright, so I was yawning too much, and I just remembered that this desk lets me stand. So now I'm standing, and I should not yawn as much. So your USP, how to create your unique USP.

It's unique to you, it's a unique selling proposition. So I can't tell you what your USP should be, because it's about the DNA of your own cleaning business. But what I can tell you is that for us, like I said, we're Christian, and we have, like you might not take that on, right? We have a satisfaction guarantee, that's something you and everyone else can implement.

All of our cleaners are licensed and insured, meaning that is also another one that you can bring on as a USP for you. All of our cleaners speak English, that's another one that you can bring on for you. All of our cleaners are background checked, that's another one you can bring on for you.

All of our cleaners have previous experience and have been cleaning for a while, that's another USP to you. These are all, and then when you are smaller, and you're taking the calls, and you're talking, like you are the owner, and you're talking to them, another USP is that you're actually like, hey, they're talking to an owner, they're not just talking to a VA, right? We don't have that USP anymore. We used to have the USP of like, hey, if there's any issues, I'm the owner, I'm here to serve you and help you.

Now we just don't have that anymore because our VAs are the ones that are taking the calls. So we no longer have, that is a USP that we're able to give people or tell people. So like I said, your USP, and we don't do the eco green, all that.

We found that people have never really asked for it, except like one or two ever, and we just don't market that. We don't have people that care. Maybe there's some people in your area that really care, maybe if you're in California, you have people that are more health conscious, and you want to target that, and you want to go after your ideal client profile, someone who's health conscious and all those kinds of things.

Cool. It's not us, right? You determine your own USPs, but all those things I listed here are USPs that you could bring on for yourself, for your own business, and that I highly recommend because it is going to give you ammo to be able to mention on calls as differentiators, ammo on your website, ammo in your marketing.