Okay, so how much should you spend on your marketing? Well, I can't give you an exact number. What I have seen across the industry as a recommended amount is about 10% of your revenue, okay? Now, when you're smaller, you don't have much revenue, it's going to be, marketing is going to be an investment. So, you can be like us, and in the first month, we did about 6K in cleans, and we just put that ad spend on a credit card and said, hey, we're gonna pay this off later once the cleans come in, and we make money, then we can pay down that ad spend, right? All right, we spent, I think 4,000, something like that our first month, and then the next month, like 2,000, 3,000, something like that, and then we stopped marketing, kept those clients, for the next two or three months, only spent like 500, like less than 1,000 those next few months, and paid off the credit cards that way from the cleans that we made money from and the clients that we retained.

And from that, when we started back in February of last year, 2025, we still have clients that we do, one of them, two of them weekly, okay? Many of, still some monthly, still some biweekly. Now, we butchered a lot of those people, like relationships, because in the beginning, we didn't know what we were doing, we sent bad cleaners, yada, yada. But, how much to spend on marketing, it's going to be up to you.

Obviously, I don't know your financial situation, but I would not be spending money on marketing to get leads if you do not have your sales process dialed in. We came into this, me and Elijah, from a sales and marketing background. I just got back from Houston last week to consult for a nine-figure business because they needed help, and I have a lot of experience in marketing and sales, and I've helped other businesses, anywhere from small mom and pops, startups, to nine figures, and grown their business through marketing and sales.

I've trained, hired and trained an entire cold calling team, I've trained people in closing, I still train people in closing today. I have done marketing for tons of businesses, consulting for tons of businesses, I've made businesses literally millions of dollars through the emails that I've written and the things that I've implemented into their business. So, that being said, I come from a marketing and sales background, Elijah comes from a marketing and sales background.

So, we came into this with that nailed down. Come to find out, cleaning, in the cleaning business, the hardest thing to nail down is the marketing and sales. It's not that hard to find cleaners, it's not that hard to use systems, maybe a little bit more difficult to build systems, which we built our own systems, Harvest CRM or SOPs and Notion, and the way that we operate, we built our own stuff.

But it's not difficult to use systems, like the logistics, and then leadership. It's not hard to go and find a VA, it's just not. And then finding a good VA is just kind of a numbers game, and you give them the systems and SOPs that you built, and the sales script, and have them follow that.

So, we came in with experience in the hardest part of this business. So, that's an advantage that we have. So, how much to spend on marketing? We were confident spending a bunch of money very early on, because we knew that we would be able to handle multiple leads a day, call them immediately, follow up with them consistently, and get cleans, and that we'd have a good conversion rate, okay? So, I would not be spending a bunch of money on marketing if you do not feel like you're gonna get those leads and be able to actually, I would not go spend a bunch of money on acquiring a bunch of leads if you are not confident you can convert those leads into actual bookings, okay? I also wouldn't spend a bunch of money on marketing when you're not confident that your cleaning team is actually going to be able to take care of those and retain those clients.

That's the issue that we had. We dealt with marketing sales, but we had a cleaning, cleaners issue, because we didn't know what we were doing there. We were pricing incorrectly, quoting incorrectly, promising things, and under delivery, right? So, like I said, completely up to you.

I would recommend putting it on a credit card, because you get to spend that money now, and then be able to pay that money off later, especially if you have 0% APR, and you grow your business now, and you can deal with that debt later. If you don't have 0% APR, then it's like you're renting money, okay? So you can pull out $2,000, $3,000, put it into profitable marketing, and then you're paying, if you have that $3,000, then you're paying rent of whatever your percentage is, right, it might be however much your, whatever your APR is, right? So it might be $3,000 out, and you have to pay $100 a month to paying rent on the money that you used, essentially. So, highly recommend doing that, so that way it's not money out of pocket, and you can have money actually come in, and of course pay down that debt.

So, go get a credit card. I'll probably put a link here. Like a referral, we started off with Amex credit card, and yeah, it's just a great way to have marketing dollars to spend, and then the excess profits and things just pay off the credit card.

So, yeah.