Something I see in marketing, not just in the cleaning business industry, but across different industries is that people seem a bit confused on their marketing message. When you watch a commercial for just about anything on TV, if you watch it, they're not going to show you all the features and why it's better and this, this and that. They're going to show you the end result that it gives you.

For instance, I've seen a lot on TurboTax. TurboTax, their ad doesn't say, hey, look at this software. It has this button here and the tax thing is done here and it's this and here.

So you go through step one through three and this. No, they're showing you that your taxes can be done easily, simply, quickly, without any stress. And now your taxes are taken care of.

Right. They're selling you the end result and they're selling you the way that you're going to feel when that same philosophy is put into the cleaning business. You're no longer selling.

Oh, yeah. We'll come in and we'll clean your home and we'll mop your floors and we'll do the baseboards and it'll smell good. Right.

Like you are going to dig into their pain points of if you have a dog, then you know how it is. The dog hair gets everywhere. You are a bit embarrassed about how messy your home is when friends come over and family comes over.

Your in-laws come in town. You know that it's a stress factor for you. You know you want to do it.

It needs to be done, but you just don't have the time to do it. Let someone else take care of all of it for you so you can sit at home happy in a clean place, not have people judge you. In fact, people are going to go, wow, your home is so clean.

How do you keep it so clean? Right. You're selling an outcome. You're selling a feeling.

You're selling a result that they are looking for. You're not selling the technicals. You're not selling the features.

You want to sell the benefits of the service. Right. It's kind of like when someone on TV sells you a vacation.

Right. Like someone sells you a flight to Cancun. They're selling you.

Oh, Cancun is going to be amazing. You're going to have so much fun. You're going to get away from work.

You're going to hang out with your friends. You're going to experience so many new things. The culture, the food, the beach, the this, the that.

And in the end, they're selling you a flight. Right. So if we if people if the travel industry sold and marketed the same way that a lot of cleaning business owners do, it'll look like this.

You should buy a flight. We have the best flight. We have comfortable chairs.

We have some leg room. You are going to go into the airport, spend your money, go to the airport. Go through TSA, sit and wait.

Then after waiting, you're going to be called to board the plane. Then once you're on the plane, you're going to put your luggage away. Like that's not how you sell.

That's not how you market. Right. You're selling the outcome.

What does that flight to Cancun actually give me? What does it do for me? Right. That's the beach vacation. That's all those things.

You're selling the benefit. Right. Not the feature, not the process.

So it's very important to understand this from a marketing philosophy perspective because if you're on the phone or if you're sending emails that saying we do these 72 things in your home and it's like that's not what someone is buying. Someone is trying to take the strain off of the relationship with their spouse because nobody's getting to the cleaning and both of them are pointing at each other and blaming and you go, hey, this will save your marriage by having a cleaning. Right.

A bit funny, but it's actually one of the ways that someone I know does their email marketing. So it's a bit of marketing philosophy, like I said, but it's important to know that you're selling the benefits and the outcome, not the technicals, not the future. Right.

It's part of why having a satisfaction guarantee is so important, because you're able to sell that you are for sure going to be satisfied and happy with the service at the end of the claim. Right. And that kind of like is the end way to be able to focus on the outcome and the result that someone is going to get.