If you look at the number one reason that businesses fail overall, it comes down to they ran out of money. They ran out of operating capital. They said, I've got $20,000 to do this, or I've got a credit card to do this.

And then they spend all that money to run the business and then they run out of money in order to, and they couldn't spend more. So they shut the business down, right? That's the number one reason that businesses fail. Now, if you look deeper into that, why is it that they weren't able to make money and they spent the whole 20 grand that they had saved up or a hundred grand or a million, whatever it is, most of the time it's because they weren't able to get profitable marketing.

Once your marketing is profitable, you know that you're making money because I spend, let's say $50 for a lead. I close one out of two leads. So it's $100 to get a booking.

And on each booking, my average booking is $350. And my profit is half of that. So my profit's 175.

So I take that 175 and I take out my $100 marketing costs and I have $75 profit on my first clean. And out of every clean that I do, I convert 20% of those cleans into recurring. So that turns into a long-term customer.

There's even more profit there. If you can't clearly lay out your how and why your marketing is profitable and makes sense to do, then you're going to have an issue. And this is the issue that I've seen most businesses fail.

And if you go and look at the numbers, it's because of operating capital. But once again, why is it that they ran out of money? Because they never got their marketing to be profitable. So that's why it's extremely important to get this figured out.

And why I see many cleaning business owners start and they've got cleaners, they've got systems, they've got a CRM, they've got a scheduling platform, they've got even maybe have a VA, but they cannot get leads profitably. They can't close leads profitably. So they're having trouble getting them and they're having trouble turning them into bookings.

So that is why this part is so, so important because even if your cleaners aren't great, even if your systems aren't great, even if your VA isn't great, your leadership isn't great, you're getting leads profitably, you're converting them into cleans. Now you just need a better cleaner or now you just need some better systems to make it easier. And now you need a VA to handle it for you.

Those are all easier to solve in some ways. But at the same time, marketing is also an easy solve if you just copy what already works, right? There's so many things I put in here of here's exactly how to do it. Here's how we do it.

Just copy into your business and it's going to work. So marketing is, it's a make or break. It is a make or break.

If you don't have it dialed in, then your business will fail.