Okay, so what is an ICP? An ICP is an Ideal Customer Profile. You need to know your ideal customer in order to tailor your marketing to that person and tailor the words you use to that person, right? So if my ideal customer profile is a busy professional that has a family, makes a lot of money, and their desires, their wants, their pain is that they want someone to show up on time, they want to make sure that they're doing good work, they want to be able to speak English to the cleaner, and they want great communication, they want to make sure someone's background checked, and if anything breaks that there's insurance, and they want to make sure that the clean is done right so they can have guests over, clients over, and never have to worry about how things look, right? When I know that that's my ideal customer profile, I can now talk to that person knowing their wants, knowing their needs, knowing their pains, knowing their desires, and speak to them very directly in my marketing and when I'm on the phone with them. It's very important that you know your ideal customer profile.

An ideal customer profile changes the way that you target people. For instance, Homoglow, we've all seen it, Homoglow's ideal customer profile is not luxury, it is not premium, it is not high quality. Homoglow's ideal customer profile is somebody who's very broke, very cheap, wants the most budget cheap cleaning that they can get.

So that's why they offer, hey it's only $1, it's $40 for a cleaner, it's $17 for two hours of cleaning and all these crazy deals that, I'm not going to go into how they structure their things because it's wild, but that is their ideal customer profile so all their marketing is targeted towards that ideal customer. So your ideal customer running this kind of business is not going to be the cheap people, it's not going to be the I have a super cheap budget, I need this done, I need that done, I need this done. It's going to be a certain type of person so you can market to them, it's going to be an easier sale, it's also going to be easier for you to manage because you're not dealing with a bunch of broke people that are giving you headaches left and right and always want to discount.

Our best clients are the ones that pay full price because we're targeting people that are looking for a full white glove service.