What way should I get leads first? In the free versus paid marketing and the best marketing methods, I lay out what I would recommend. And so I'm just gonna pull that up and be able to show you what I recommend. The overall philosophy of marketing, I go into this in some of the later videos here, is that you wanna test everything and see what works for you.

So we tried Facebook ads, spent more than $1,000, and we only had two bookings. We actually just got a booking recently from that, from a lead that came in, went into Harvest CRM, and we have been following up with, and the system's automatically been texting them for the past, I wanna say like seven months. And she finally responded to a text and said, hey, I'd actually like to get a cleaning.

There's a perfect example of the system paying for itself and why you need a good CRM. So you're tracking all the leads that you have and following up with them long-term if they don't convert or if they just are a one-time clean that you're trying to get to a current. Right there, that one clean, the system pays for itself.

There's definitely more that comes in than just one clean from a system being in place. So I would be capitalizing on the free things that you can do. So for instance, your Google Business Profile, it's one of the first things.

You are able to put a Google Business Profile, get reviews, and get people finding your business, not having to pay money. They find you, they call you, they go to your website, and they become a lead, eventually a customer, and it's free, okay? We just had 10, yesterday we had six sales, and like four of them were from our Google Business Profile and then over like four or five days before that, there was like another 10 people that were bookings because of our Google Business Profile. So even though we've paused marketing as far as spending money to get leads, we're still getting leads every single day from our free marketing from our Google Business Profile.

Okay, so I would highly recommend that you go do that. There's the video, it's a 30-minute video on how to set up and how to optimize your Google Business Profile. There's an entire classroom module on setting up your Google Business Profile and scaling and optimizing your Google Business Profile.

It completely changed everything for us. So go and do that. There's not like really almost anyone out there that teaches on that.

I spent two months specifically learning on YouTube from Jackie Chu. I highly recommend you go watch him if you wanna do a deep dive, but really you don't have to because I've condensed and taken everything for you to be able to simply input it into your cleaning business, copy what we have, okay? So highly recommend that you go and do that, okay? It's been the biggest, most important transformation in our cleaning business, okay? After that, I'd be looking at, of course, yes, you can post in Facebook groups. You're able to do that.

The problem is that oftentimes you have lower quality leads. You don't have people that are going to pay full price. That's why they're going to Facebook groups and they're kind of looking for a cheap option and you're gonna be competing with 10, 20, 50 other comments, right? What makes you any different, okay? Another free, great way is referrals, okay? So calling your existing customers and saying, hey, do you know anyone that would be looking for a clean? We have a referral program.

We give you this amount off. We'll give them their first amount, this amount off. Or also saying, hey, we're looking to take on more clients.

Would you be able to post on your Facebook, on your Instagram, on your story, and I'll pay you $20 if you just post, hey, I recommend this cleaning company. They've been great for us. And you can turn, that post that they make for you is going to bring you in leads and it's going to be cheap.

It's also a friend, word of mouth, friend of friend referral. So it's a great way to do it. And then just tapping into the existing leads that you have, old leads and one-time cleans, okay? It's like tapping into that is a great way to do it.

Now, as far as actually paying for leads, paid marketing methods, like I said, I break that down in this long text thing and in the same module here, it's called the paid marketing methods breakdown. I wouldn't recommend doing meta ads. It's very heavily focused on your, the quality of your creative, your area, your targeting.

It's just more difficult. And other industries, like I've had wild success in other industries. Right now we get $5 cost per lead for a $1,600 a month offer and a marketing agency that I've got equity in, and that's a separate thing.

And then another business as well is doing great with meta ads. But for some reason, because of the margins in the cleaning business and the kind of people we attract, it can be tough, okay? Some people it works great, great. I don't have anything to share with that because it hasn't been great for us.

It may be greater or better in your area. So you should definitely test it. You should definitely try it, right? But just giving you our experience.

Google ads has been great and we're getting $43 cost per lead, 41% close rate, which works out to about $104 cost per booking, which is phenomenal, right? And it's, that's been a great way for us. The problem is that once again, I know Jock, for instance, he spent over $1,000 and got no bookings from Google ads, but he set it up wrong. So you gotta make sure it's set up right, right? If you're interested in that, you can reach out to us.

But, and we'll probably eventually have a module in here that shows our exact methods. You can copy and paste it. Google ads, I recommend LSA.

I recommend LSA if your cost per call is making sense, right? For us, it's like $70 to $90 cost per call here. Does not make sense for us to do that, right? You want to pick, you wanna test everything and you wanna pick the marketing method that is giving you the highest ROI and then max that one out as much as you can and then move to the next one, right? Thumbtack's another one. Thumbtack's been great for us.

I do a whole video on that, but it's not good in some areas. Okay, so just like I said, just try different things out. I go into that in the book recommendation, 1 Million Followers, the philosophy of marketing and choosing your advertising method there.

But that is as far as I go on what way should you actually get leads first when you're starting out.