Okay, so what is a Leeds bottleneck? A Leeds bottleneck, right, there's the four bottlenecks, we have a Leeds bottleneck, we have a labor bottleneck, we have a logistics bottleneck, and then we have a leadership bottleneck. Most of the time, cleaning businesses are stuck and are not growing because they have a Leeds bottleneck. Now, the way that I break down the Leeds bottleneck is into two things.

You have marketing, which is getting Leeds, and then you have sales, which is converting that lead into a customer, into a client, to a booking, right? One other way I mention this in like the Business Systems 101 is acquiring Leeds and converting Leeds. Same thing, marketing, acquiring Leeds, sales is the converting Leeds. So, just different lingo, but you know you have a Leeds bottleneck when the main reason you are not growing is because you don't have enough people reaching out to you saying, I want a cleaning, right? Now, this isn't the situation for everyone.

For some people, for instance, Nicole at the moment, Nicole has a labor bottleneck. She can't take on any more cleans because she doesn't have enough cleaners, so that's a labor bottleneck. Or logistics bottleneck, like with Jack right now.

Jack is struggling to be able to handle all the Leeds coming in, and he has a bit of a Leeds bottleneck because his close rate is bad, right? So, it's very important to identify what is your bottleneck and then go, how do I fix that bottleneck? So, like I said, most people have a Leeds bottleneck. So, this Leeds Fundamentals course, part one, is meant to be specifically for how to fix the marketing problem, the acquiring Leeds problem. So, we're gonna go through all these in these videos and as far as how to fix your Leeds problem.

Now, based on your season, whether you're in survival, stability, scale, or sustain and sell, the way you solve your Leeds problem is different, but in the end, the philosophy of marketing and philosophy of sales is the same. So, we're gonna get right into that.