So what I have learned with our clients is that there are many people who would prefer a cleaning service that is priced above other cheaper cleaning services because they want a high quality clean, they want great communication, and they want it done on time the same way every time. And they're willing to pay full price for that. These are our best, our favorite clients because we're not having to negotiate with price, we're not having to deal with cancellations, they're structured and organized people.

We don't have to worry about them trying to poach our cleaners, we don't have to worry about our cleaners trying to poach them is another thing, because these are the kind of clients that they're upstanding, and they would actually call and say, hey, your cleaner actually just tried to clean on the side for me, right? Those are the kind of clients that are phenomenal. And so my favorite of the three of pet owner, busy professional or retired, is I really love the busy professionals. I really love the traveling nurse, the doctor, even if they don't have a family, they make money, and they want someone else to take care of the work because they are losing money by doing it themselves.

They'd rather go and just pay someone else to do it, or they just want to not spend their free time doing it. That is a great, great customer, right? And so when you're talking to them, you want to be very professional and speak into their world, and you want to highlight the dangers and fears of if they go with someone else who isn't as professional and doesn't understand them like you understand them, right? I've learned also about pet owners that just because someone's a pet owner doesn't mean, oh, that's a good client for us, right? You could have a pet owner that has a house overrun by pets, and they're looking for a cheap option, right? The other thing that we've noticed about elderly people is that they oftentimes will be on a budget or on social security income. We haven't had much luck with people that are in social security income, but they're on a set budget.

They know how much their investment accounts pay them, that sort of thing, and they have X amount to spend per month. And oftentimes, they also have rooms in their houses that they don't use or use rarely, guest rooms when kids come and stay and grandkids and all that kind of stuff. So we're more customized.

We customize the plan more for elderly people because they don't need their whole house cleaned, right? And they're on a budget, so we want to work within that budget. So just also this, just because someone seems to have a bunch of money in their big house, they might still be just finicky and just really price sensitive. And they're just very, trying to find a good word here, frugal, very frugal, right? And sometimes with those clients, it's just better to, like, often what happens, like, well, give it a shot.

You're kind of working me on price here. We'll give it a shot, but it doesn't work out at this price. It just doesn't make sense.

Then, you know, we won't be able to do future cleanings. And sometimes it ends up working great. Sometimes the client's just too much of a headache and it's not worth it, right? But what I have learned is that the clients that don't negotiate, they don't ask for a discount.

They aren't a problem on the phone. They're very transparent. They're very kind.

They're warm. Those are often our best clients. They stay with us the longest.

So, yeah.