Okay, now what is a USP? Now, a USP is unique selling proposition. Not USO, USP, unique selling proposition. Yeah, I was like maybe a point.

Yeah, synonyms include point because I heard some people call it unique selling point. But a unique selling proposition is that you are going to do something unique and different than every other cleaning company. Okay, so this makes you stand out.

It makes it easy for you to be able to answer the question and bring it up of why you're different than every other cleaning company out there, right? Some people make their USP. Sorry, some people make their USP that they are a eco-friendly green only self-made cleaning products company and that's their USP. Some people, their USP is that they have four people or five people on a team and they come and they clean the home within 45 minutes to an hour, they're in and they're out, right? Many people just don't have a USP and they're just like every other cleaning company out there, right? Your USP for this business to be scalable, for it to grow is that you have number one, a satisfaction guarantee, okay? It's a very big USP.

It's something many people don't do or they don't make it clear that they do is that we are going to make sure that your home is cleaned up to our standards by the time that we leave. And if we mess up, then we're, my goodness, I don't know why I start making videos. You are going to make sure that when you clean your home, it's going to be up to your standards.

And if you mess up that you're going to solve that problem, you're going to fix it and ensure that the clean is done right, okay? So that is a big USP. Another USP for us specifically is that we are a Christian cleaning company. That stands out.

That's something unique. That's something different about us, right? It changes the way that we make decisions. It changes the way that we handle customers, handle cleaners, the kind of cleaners that we attract, the kind of cleaners that, the attitudes of our cleaners and what we represent.

So this isn't just like a sales or marketing point. This is a genuine, what is different about you? What's your X factor? What's your unique selling proposition, right? Another USP that, yeah, is a USP is that all of our cleaners are legal. They're background checked.

They have insurance. They have been cleaning like this is not their first cleaning job. They've been cleaning for a while.

They speak English. Sorry guys, just all coming out in this video. So making it clear what's different about you to in your marketing, as well as like on your website and as well as on the phone with people is very, very important.

Otherwise, they're just taking your price and taking another person's price and going, well, Alex is just more expensive. It's like, no, we're giving you a completely different service, a different level of service and all the things that we do and who we are is very different than that other company, right? So you want to know your USP. You want to be confident in your USP and why someone should pick you versus somebody else.