Okay, what is a healthy cost per lead and a healthy cost per acquisition? I can't give you an exact just because every area is going to be different, but I can tell you from our experience that if you're paying more than $50 a call for LSA, it gets a bit difficult, okay? Now, it could be that your area has higher quality for LSA. It's not the case for us, okay? We get a lot of price shoppers in our area from other companies I've talked to for LSA, and it's very expensive. Overall, what I'd say is a healthy cost per acquisition, healthy would be that on the first clean you're making money, right? It's acceptable and it's normal that you might even be losing a little bit of money on your first clean.

It could be 50, it could be 100 on a first clean for someone through your marketing, okay? But you know that you're gonna make that money up by the amount of people that stay recurring with you and stay long-term, all right? A healthy cost per lead is going to, once again, be determined per platform. So on Meta, you could be getting five to $10 cost per lead, right? If you're getting a 15 to $25 cost per lead, it's gonna be rough on Meta because the quality of the lead is much less, right? PPC, anything under a $40 cost per lead as long as the quality is good on the overall your cost per acquisition is good, your close rate's good, then it's okay if you're rocking a 30 to $50 cost per lead as long as your close rate is good, right? So you kind of work your way backwards, right? So like cost per lead for Meta, it's okay if it's five, $10 cost per lead as long as your cost per acquisition is still in that healthy area of making money on your first clean or not losing like more than $100 on that clean because you're gonna make it up. And the backend.

So cost per lead really isn't as important because cost requisition is what's really important. But if we were to go through and look at your specific thing, then the cost per lead, we could break it down more clearly and see if we could do a better cost per lead and just optimize ads. But healthy overall, you wanna make money on your first clean, that's ideal.

But it's okay and normal if you're losing money on your first clean, but you shouldn't be losing a lot of money on your first clean. It should make sense when you look at the numbers over a two, three month period and go actually I'm making money from this because the amount of people that stay with me long enough where I can make the money back is it's working, right? But to get a better, to optimize it, wanna be breaking even and making money on that first clean.