Okay, if you're training a VA or you are just yourself training to use a sales script, the best thing to do is just over and over and over. Practice it, practice it till you're comfortable, roleplay it, actually like call a friend or call someone in this group or put a recording of trying the script over and over and over. You don't want to stumble over your words.

You want to feel very comfortable, very confident. Okay, you want to keep an eye out for certain things. Is there somewhere this just feels unnatural to say? Like, you know how it is when you like read certain books and like it kind of gets mumbly jumbly because there's so many words happening.

The same thing can kind of happen if you are speaking, right? So, for example, one of the things we got mumbly jumbly on is we used a scale of one to ten to determine how dirty someone's home is. So we used to say something like, okay, so if you look around your home and just kind of guesstimated on how dirty your home is, how dirty is your home like on a scale of one with one being clean and like with ten with ten being the dirtiest, like where would you put your home on that dirtiness level scale? Mumbly jumbly, right, versus what is the current condition of your home right now? On a scale of one to ten with ten being the dirtiest, where would you say you your home is? I'm getting mumbly right there, right? Like I want to know the exact word track. I don't have it pulled up here, but on scale one to ten, where would you say your home is? Right? So then the next question, they go, oh, it's a four.

I don't go, okay, like, okay, what makes your home like a dirtiness level four, right? Like you don't want to, like you want to, okay, what makes you say that? They're going to, you know, tell you what makes it a four. So part of it is just literally the words, making sure it's natural to say for you. You might have to change some stuff because it doesn't come fit, it doesn't fit coming out of your mouth.

It's funny. I'm getting mumbly jumbly in this. Tonality is another one, right? I mentioned some upward inflection stuff, some downward inflection stuff, the pace at which you're speaking.

I have a problem a lot of times of speaking too fast. And so you don't, that's not good. You don't want that.

So there's pace, there's tonality. You don't want to talk too much. That's another thing.

Not only do you not want to talk too fast, but you don't want to talk too much. But as far as how to train someone or train yourself, repetition, keeping a lookout for those things. Like, are they getting mumbly jumbly? Does it feel natural? Are they confident? Confident is so, so important out of everything.

Confidence honestly is the most important, I would say. Are they, what's their tonality like? I'm sure there's something else I mentioned too. Anyways, repetition over and over, over and over and over until it's comfortable and they have a certain word tracks down and they know the outline of the script without even looking at the script.

Cool.