Okay, so how do you increase your response rate? Meaning, when someone reaches out to you, or you reach out to them, how do you increase the likelihood that they actually don't ghost you? Very simply, it's a numbers game. So the chance that someone gets a hold of me on my phone by calling me once is zero. I don't pick up a single call from a number that I don't know.

It doesn't matter if I reach out to a doctor, it doesn't matter. Whatever it is, if it's important enough, you're going to call me twice. If it's really important, even if I don't pick up twice when you call me, you're going to call me later and get a hold of me, because it's important that you get a hold of me.

You're going to likely leave a voicemail. You're going to send me text. You're going to repeatedly send me text.

You're going to double, triple call me multiple times over the course of multiple days. So you want to increase your response rate and call people often. The way that we do this on autopilot is that in Harvest CRM, there is auto texts that are happening the minute somebody reaches out, and there are tasks set up.

And when you're working a pipeline, you should be double dialing people twice a day, especially right when they reach out. For people that you quote, you don't just let them go. You need to make sure that once you quote them, you're still following up with them, texting them, calling them the day after two days after getting a definitive.

Yes, I want to move forward or no, we're not moving forward. OK, you do not leave people in this gray area of, well, I don't know if they want to do this or don't want to do this. They said they're going to get back to me unless someone's in a very unique situation where they're on vacation or like they're about to move and they were just checking things out.

But they move in four months out. So they just wanted to look around. Like, even then, like you need to get the outcome.

I want a yes. I want to get a clean from you guys or I want a no. We don't want to clean from you guys.

So that way I can stop calling them consistently and stop texting them and following up. We can just move them to the long term nurturing follow up sequence, which is in Harvest CRM of the systems automatically texting them once every one to three months.