Alright, so you want to increase your close rate. It's pretty simple. The more you practice, the better you get.

But only if you practice the right thing, okay? So if you're playing golf, for instance, you're going to get better at golf by playing more golf. But you're not going to be good long term unless you're practicing the correct form. If every time I swing, I have a bad swing, practicing a bad swing more is just going to further ingrain a bad swing.

So it's important to get lessons, it's important to get a coach, that way you're setting the right fundamentals. Then once you have the right fundamentals, then you're constantly working to get better at that. It's no different with sales and being able to handle objections and have a higher close rate.

You need to be more comfortable on the beginning of the call, you need to be more comfortable on presenting the offer, more comfortable on pricing, more comfortable on handling objections, asking for the sale, scheduling someone. The only way to be more comfortable is by knowing you're doing things in a good way. So getting good fundamentals and practicing them over and over and over.

In sales, this practice is called role playing. You want to be role playing a lot. In the very beginning of the business, me and Elijah would role play almost every day of, okay, when someone says this, maybe we should say this.

When someone says this, what if we tried telling them this, this, and this? Let's try it multiple times. You don't just try it once and, you know, okay, try swinging like this and then you swing and it's like, oh, it didn't work. It's like, no, that doesn't mean that the concept or the fundamentals are wrong, it just means you need more practice to get there, right? There's all sorts of things to take into account with sales.

You've got tonality, you've got your pausing, you have your upward inflection, downward inflection. There's so many things to take into account and there's a game that you're going to have to constantly be playing to practice and get better. So don't get down on yourself, but to increase your close rate, you are going to need to role play a lot and continue to use the exact words, understand the exact reason why you're saying these words and be able to be confident because confidence sells.