Okay, as far as how to handle any objection, right? This is a big kind of, wow, how do I handle any objection? The format that I would recommend is that when someone gives you an objection, then you agree with them. Yeah, that makes total sense why you think that. Oh yeah, no, I totally get it.

Yeah, that sounds right. First step, right? Next step is to ask them. More about what they mean, okay? You wanna dig deeper into what they're thinking because a lot of times people are, just in one sentence, you aren't able to truly understand what their concern is, what the objection really is.

So for an example, somebody says, we say, here's the price, here's how much is it gonna be, here's the cost, whatever. And we can do it on this day. And they go, okay, I just need to think about it.

Okay, yeah, totally, you need to think about it. What is it that you need to think about specifically? Just putting it back on them. Well, I need to talk to my husband because our parents are coming into town.

And we just, blah, blah. It's like, okay, yeah, that makes total sense. What do you think your husband might be concerned about? The pricing thing, or you just ask questions.

You just dig deeper, right? Don't be weird and don't have weird tonality and make it awkward. You're just genuinely asking a question. You come from a curious place to better understand what their situation is, what problem they're running into.

And don't be weird when price comes up. They're like, I don't know, it's just a bit expensive. And you need to know exactly how to handle that specific objection.

But as far as how to handle all objections, you're one, you're agreeing. Two, you're going deeper, you're probing, you're better understanding. Because what you have in your mind is not what they have in their mind.

So you need to understand what's going on in their head to be able to actually address what it is that they're thinking or their concerns or what's keeping them from moving forward, right? And sometimes it's a legitimate objection. It's like, yeah, like I need to talk to my husband. I'm like, okay, what are you talking about? Well, actually we're about to go out of town.

So I just don't know if we're gonna do the cleaning before or do the cleaning after. You go, okay, what's making you think about doing the cleaning before? Well, I'm thinking if we do the cleaning before, then we get to come home to a clean home and da-da-da-da-da, but like we're having to pack and stuff. So I just don't know.

And you just ask, you continue to ask questions. Like, okay, do you think it would be better to do it after? Or do you think it would do better to, well, that's why I'm thinking da-da-da-da, and you can present a possible solution. Well, how about this? What if we put a time on the calendar and we said we're gonna do, like you're able to understand their situation better to better make a unique solution to fix their problem, right? But you can only give them a proper solution by fully understanding the problem.

It's like going to a doctor, right? Like the doctor is going to ask you a bunch of questions to diagnose what your real problem is and then offer you a solution. So you're kind of like the cleaning doctor to understand what's going on in their situation to better help them.