Hi, this is Kyle. I'm sorry I hadn't gotten back to you. Hello? Hello, Kyle. 

Hi, how are you? I'm fine, thank you. I'm sorry I hadn't gotten back to you. Well, actually, I received your text message. 

I am really sad, actually, yesterday and I was trying to give you a call. But, you know, what happened? What made you decide to... Oh, nothing. We've had some changes going on in our family and we're having to go out of town and it's just things are not a good place for us right now. 

And so we're not really in a position to schedule anything at the moment. It may be a month or two before we get this kind of settled down and figure out what we're going to do. But we may have to move. 

We may have to move as well. So, and I'm sorry it doesn't help you all and you all have been great. Oh, thank you so much. 

Nothing at all negative and I'll be happy to go on and give you a good review. Oh, thank you so much. Yeah, that will be great. 

But would moving the appointment due to another date or month help instead of canceling the, you know, the entire appointment with us? I mean, if that's okay, yeah. It's probably going to be two or three weeks before we... All right. Got it. 

Okay. Give me one moment because we have you down on Monday. So, maybe we can reschedule the cleaning starting June, like maybe June 1? That should work. 

Yeah. Yep. Okay. 

That should be okay. Yeah. Let me see what I can do here. 

June 1. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 

Actually we have you down on June 1. So, that will be amazing. So, I will update the booking date and all of that. And then with regards to the giving us feedback, I will send you a link like via text because we have now three Google business pages. 

And it would be nice for you to leave us a five-star review for all of our Google business pages. I hope that's fine. It won't take you 10 minutes to finish. 

I'd be more than happy to. Thank you. Thank you so much. 

It's actually our pleasure to working with you, Kyle. And we'll see you on June 1, okay? Okay. Thank you. 

Thank you. Thank you so much, Kyle. Have a good one. 

You too. Okay. Bye-bye.