Alrighty, should you use a sales script? Yes, you should use a sales script, but probably not in the way that you think, right? You don't wanna be copying word for word everything that goes on in a sales script. It's best to, for objection handling, have specific word tracks and specific things that you say. Okay, so for instance, in another business of ours, a marketing offer, once we tell people the price, we pitch them, we tell them the price, and then they go, okay, I need to think about it.

Our default answer, the first time they give us an objection, is you say, we have this specifically, this exact word track. Okay, yeah, money aside, do you feel like this could be the answer for you? That's it. So that exact word track, okay, yeah.

Money aside, do you feel like this could be the answer for you? I can say that exact same thing over and over and over and over, because I know those exact words. Money aside, do you feel like this could be the answer for you? Okay, there are certain words you are going to need to memorize the words exactly and the tonality when you ask or when you're handling an objection, okay? But most of your sales script is not going to be that way. Most of your sales script is going to be an outline with a structure, and you might get comfortable saying kind of the same thing based on how the conversation's going, like five or 10 different ways.

So for instance, one of the things we do is before we give price to someone in the cleaning business, we ask them when we're going through, we get all their information, and as we're going through, we go, okay, and just to see, Mary, if I even have a spot available on the calendar for you, do you have a certain day in mind? They go, oh yeah, I'm thinking like Tuesday, okay, Tuesday, Thursday, morning or afternoon, right? Like that exact, now you could say that in another way. Okay, okay, great, thanks for sharing that here. Let me just take a look at our calendar.

Do you, I don't even know if we have availability. Do you have a certain day in mind? I said the same thing, but I said it a different way, but I'm going to the same goal, same outcome, same philosophy, which is before I even give them a price, I want to get more micro-commitments from them because the more micro-commitments you have, the more likely you're going to have a major commitment from them. Okay, it's kind of like getting 90% of the way there, and then it's like they just need to do the last thing, which is like, what's your card? And confirm the booking, right? It's just a psychology thing.

So sometimes there's going to be, you need to know the exact words, exact tonality, like the, hey, okay, yeah, money aside, do you feel like this could be the answer for you? Exact words, exact tonality, right? Versus other situations is going to be, you need to understand the philosophy of what you're doing, which is I want more micro-commitments from them. So I'm going to ask them before I give them the price, what day is going to work, if that's morning or afternoon, and get the specific time, and get them to go, yeah, no, that would work for me, okay, and then doing price, right? So yes, use a script, but a script, a good script, is going to have more of an outline for certain areas, and then exact word tracks in other areas.