Okay, I hate when people make sales awkward. Okay, it's so easy for it to happen because most people just are not comfortable with sales. So they just make it awkward.

They make it awkward for you, like for the person selling. They make it awkward for the person that is buying. So it's important that you, you make this a human, a normal human conversation.

Okay, you don't have to be weird. You don't have to get on the phone and be like salesperson. There's this voice that happens.

I call it the salesy voice, the sales voice. And it's so weird and people pick it up so easily. Like it just feels, it's just unnatural, but it's typical new salesperson is gonna pick up a salesy voice, right? You want to feel very personable.

You want to connect with the person, okay? There's this acronym in business that is called MAFHAF, M-A-F-H-A-F, okay? So this is helpful for those of you that feel like you have sales voice and you feel yourself being a bit weird. This is also helpful for those of you that are a bit higher EQ and you just have a better time connecting with people. But when you have to sell something and just feels like a lot of pressure and you kind of feel icky, MAFHAF, okay? MAF, make a friend, M-A-F, make a friend.

HAF, help a friend, okay? Very simply, you are making a friend. That's it, you're connecting, make a friend. Oh, you've been in the area? How long have you been in the area? My goodness, okay.

Any kids that are growing up? You got anyone upstairs? You guys are using those rooms too? Oh, the kids go, where'd you go? Oh, is it my kids? Yeah, I was just in Arizona. Oh, that's so cool, wow. Varyatta, make a friend.

Now, help a friend. This is the part where you're offering them a good, a great solution, which is the cleaning service. So you wanna help them.

It's like, yeah, so, da-da-da, and we have a satisfaction guarantee. So you're all taken care of, all the cleaners are insured, they're all back, like you're helping them. Like you feel like you're giving them something, which is great and giving them a great option.

And so if they're like, oh, I don't know, I think it's just a bit expensive. And you go, oh no, it's okay, it's okay, I understand. Okay, so what we could do is, is there any rooms that you don't use? Or is there any space that maybe we can avoid? Maybe I can put, if that doesn't work, you know, a review, but I'm helping them.

Like we're on the same side here. I'm just helping the friend that I've made, right? That would be the best way to approach things. If you are struggling with a salesy voice, you're struggling to sell because you've got a high EQ and the sales is just uncomfortable.