Okay, what payment methods to accept? I would be very weary, wary, weary of taking checks, especially like if you have someone reach out, it's like, Hey, I'm from out of state, like I need to pay with check. It's a certified check, I'll mail it to you, yada, yada, that ain't gonna work, okay? It's a scam, first off. Second off, when you don't take card payment, you open yourself up to doing a clean in someone's home and then going, Hey, can you sell me now? But then they end up being a little bit picky and they have an issue with the clean and now the cleaner needs to get paid and the client's not willing to pay you until you come back and fix it.

That's a problem. Or, God forbid, you just have a bad client, it sucks, or once again, your cleaner goes, shows up at the door, client said they'd be there, then they're not there. You can't charge anything because you don't have their card on file.

You can't charge a 25% cancellation policy or 50% lockout policy or whatever your policies are and your fees are for when someone screws you over like that, right? So, when you take cash, take Zelle, Venmo, Cash App, check those kind of things. You have no way to, there's no recourse if something messes up from their end, right? So that's why we just, we take card, okay? We do have some clients, just being transparent, we do have some clients that still pay cash, one being my next door neighbor, still pays cash because she's my literal next door neighbor. We have like three, maybe two clients that pay check, they're old elderly, they prefer check and they have been on time every time, never had an issue at all.

We, and could that be a problem for us one day in the future? Yeah, it could. And one of them I said, hey, would you mind if we just move over to card, we've been cleaning your home for a while? And they're like, yeah, that'd be great, okay? So that's, there's that and then we have like two people that send us Zelle and one of them we've been doing every week for like a year and never been an issue, okay? So we make special exceptions. I would not recommend making special exceptions going forward, we don't make special exceptions going forward because it's the people that ask for Zelle or cash and those more often than not, more often than the people with card are a problem, okay? There's that.

The other thing too is it's harder to track finances quickly through like Stripe and those. So you should be using like a accounting software of some kind, like we use Wave, we use QuickBooks and online and those, but we use Wave, it's like 15 bucks, find it like Waves app, Wave apps or something. But it's great, very simple.

So I have to be meticulous about paying cash and checks and like all that stuff in there to make sure our numbers are correct. But I would not take anything other than card, like you go to the doctor's office, you pay card, you don't pay Zelle, right? You go buy some food somewhere, you pay card, you don't pay Zelle, right, we're a real business. So yeah, that's why I would and wouldn't accept those payment methods.

Are there going to be situations where you're like, man, I really think I should take Zelle, I should take card or cash or check because it makes sense because this person yada yada and like how cool is the deal? We did it when we were starting, you know, and it hurt us in some ways, but it probably helped us more than it hurt us overall, but it's a bit of a headache and it's better to move away from that when you're scaling the business especially.