Okay, when to keep pushing for a sale. This is gonna feel a bit strange to say, but if someone is, uh, once, first off, they don't have red flags, right? So you shouldn't be pushing for a sale from someone that just has red flags, but you keep pushing for a sale as long as someone will talk to you. Elijah does this when he's doing door to door um, and other businesses, when you knock on people's doors to do like wholesaling and, um, you, you keep pushing as long as that door is open door to door guys that are trained pest control, you know, alarm systems, all these things, that is how they are trained. 

And it is the best way to do things. As long as that door is open, I'm going to keep talking. I'm not going to walk away. 

I'm not going to end this conversation. I will never end the conversation. It will never be me unless there's a red flag and someone's not qualified, right? But I will forever continue to have a conversation and ask questions like I talked about before.

So if somebody is, um, Elijah has like a 12, it's like a 12 minute, just handling objections, part of a call. It was amazing. But this lady goes, you know, clean services, here's the price.

And she goes, well, okay. Like, I think you need to talk to my husband. He goes, okay, what do you need to talk to your husband about? She's like, well, I just need to, you know, make sure everything works. 

Okay. What do you think? What might not work? Oh, I think the pricing is like, okay. Um, what were you expecting to pay? Well, we've got our old cleaners. 

Um, you know, they did this price and it's okay. What did your old cleaners, you know, why did you change from your old cleaners? Well, because they were this and you know, they weren't getting the job done. So it sounds like you reached out to us because you're looking to make a change in your cleaners. 

Yes. But I don't want to pay as much as that. Some people just end it right there. 

They're like, okay, I tried, you know, like I, she's just saying price again, but that's in the conversation to go, okay, we'll talk to your husband. Let me know. It's like, no, okay. 

You don't want to pay that price. Um, you know, maybe if we did this or that, it's like, no, what about this? And, um, okay. But like, what if, you know, that she goes like, I just don't know what, what about a satisfaction guarantee? Does that not help make the decision easier? Cause you know, a hundred percent, you're going to be satisfied at the end of the end of the clean. 

Yes. But what if there's a better price out there and it's like, okay, what do you like about what is that? Um, you've heard that we do for like, there's just, you just keep talking, but you don't try to sell yourself. And yet you ask probing questions and you ask for the sale and you don't have to do a hard ask. 

Why? So do you want to do this or not? You know, like, do you want to book a clean or do you not want to book a clean? Right. You're, it's a soft, you're soft asking, you're soft asking to the point where they go, okay. Like, okay. 

Yeah. I think we can, you know, and you want to have some soft asks like, okay, like what if we put it on schedule and you can let me know if your husband changes anything like all that sort of stuff. Right. 

So when to keep pushing for sale, always be pushing to a sale. Um, there's another, um, sale acronym to ABC always be closing. Right. 

So, um, always keep your eye on the price of like, I want this person to sell. I'm not just going down this rabbit hole for no reason. Right.