Okay, confidence sells. I'm just gonna give you an example, right? Why confidence sells? So if I told you, hey, I think I could maybe help you run your business better and like make it more, just make your business, make you make more money in your business, I think. So, yeah, do you wanna do that? Right? How confident do you feel in my ability to help you make more money in your business, right? Whereas the other situation is, I'm gonna say basically about the same words.

Hey, I think I can help you make more money in your cleaning business, right? There's something that happens with confidence. You don't have to think so much about tonality. You don't have to think so much about the words that you're saying when you have a confidence that portrays to people, wow, this person really is confident in what they're doing.

If they weren't, they have reason to be confident, right? And so when you're selling on the phone and you are saying, yeah, we could clean your home, a deep clean, I think. Okay, I think, yeah, I could get two people there like Thursday, maybe, versus absolutely, yeah. We can get two cleaners to your home and get a deep clean knocked out.

I've got availability on Thursday, it looks like. Totally different, totally, totally different, right? Something that takes away your authority, it takes away your confidence is when you, just a little note on tonality is when you have an upward inflection. It sounds kind of like I'm asking a question versus I'm telling you the truth.

I'm telling you the truth, right? It's a big difference in the way that it lands and the way someone receives it. So small note there on tonality. We'll get into a lot of that stuff in the objection handling course and we kind of go over things in the sales training.

So just wanted to explain a little bit of why it's so important that you have confidence in what you're doing. So if you don't feel confident when you're selling, then go and get confident about the fact that your cleaners really do do a great job and you really do have a satisfaction guarantee and you are really gonna take good care of this client. Get confident in yourself about it and then listen back to your calls to understand if you are sounding confident.