So yeah, so people have been asking how to pick like a location and the way that like I Have done it really is let's first figure out. Let me share my screen Let's first figure out the like what the options are And then i'm just gonna do like a quick eval on like where you've basically chosen but basically the first thing you do is you go look for Co-working space kind of like recordings for a video as well But you look at different co-working spaces and see what your options are So like for co-working space look for office suites and then the first thing to do is like let's call these places Let's talk to these places. Let's see.

Um, and even going like you did in person and meeting the owner and saying like hey, like, yeah Like what are the odds? Yeah, he was supposed to be here. He was like somebody called out and I was just like i'm coming in That's funny. Um, so yeah near the hallways.

Okay, so it's the commercial space I wonder if they even have like the thing on their um Your options Or if he's just like no, yeah virtual office, but or business identity Oh, look at you. Yeah, he's just like yeah, you just have it. You can just do it.

Just go ahead. That's so cool um, okay, so Yeah, he's gonna hook me up for an office for the day that I scheduled the google call He said I could start having the mails sent over now And he said um, he'll even put my name on the directory for the day Yep, that's how they that's how to make it really easy. So from That's basically what you do is you look at places around.

Um, you went in found this place uh, what I like to do too is I like to evaluate the um Like to evaluate the competition. So we're going to be putting house cleaning service in your name so right here we have Ventura cleaning service. You're going to totally beat them out.

They've got one review two reviews here I mean for me you're gonna beat them out You're gonna beat them out because you have like what 50 reviews something like that 68 now Yeah, so you're gonna beat all of these out not to mention the only one that i'm like, okay Like they were going to show up somewhat similar to you is house clean service 55 reviews, but by you um, but the thing is I can look at their place i'd be curious. Are they optimized right? Is their site actually optimized? so let's look at the SEO Information here. They are not optimized so I can tell you if you optimize.

Yeah, this is This is not optimized and then i'm curious. Can I hire someone to help me optimize this stuff because it's a lot It's it's yeah, so there's a video there. I'll probably do like a more in-depth video um, we could actually probably just go through yours evaluate your site, but like See what you can get through with this because I did Okay, I um already started changing my heading Because you were on the call with somebody and um, you're showing him how to do everything So I started doing it little by little beautiful so my descriptions and everything too, that's how I decide like where to pick is Where it's the what are the options first two? What's the competition look like and three? Um, what is the actual place that i'm picking? What's the median income? What's the population, right? So if you told me alex, all these things are good, but 10 people live in this, you know All this whole area here and they all make five dollars an hour.

It's like this is the wrong place Yeah, so then I gotta you know, look online median income population, but like, you know your area your area's good So this is this is great. This is awesome. Um, beautiful Yeah, yeah do it and like here's the thing worst case scenario.

Guess what you can do Just go back to being a service area like what the heck like you're gonna see there's a there's gonna be a massive uptick If anything I'd like for you to take screenshots of your google business profile now Of like how many interactions you're getting what it's going to look like because I have screenshots from Everyone that i've helped of like this is what it looked like before and then we doubled or we tripled Um, okay. How many you can use it for your reviews or something or you know? Oh, yeah. Yeah So awesome.

Great choice here. We'll go deeper into like the seo I could probably go through it with you and you know, here's what's our another thing you could do is just go to my website I did and yeah, and then just I'm trying to copy everything. Yeah, the detailed seo thing like just being able to like, what are your headings? What are your schema like all those kind of things? So Um, that's another way to like do that But just chat gbt a bunch of chat gbt and but I did very nice figure out the area to go into chat Gpt was telling me don't yeah, we were arguing.

It's great I was like, what are you sure? Yeah, am I supposed to be starting with me because i'm hard-headed so That's