If you want to make, like we are, more than $6,000 a month in new business, new cleans, not to mention recurring, from literally just having an optimized Google business profile for your cleaning business, I want to give you three things that have been the most helpful thing for us. We started our business back in February and we were paying for every single lead and I discovered organic SEO being a huge element of what the most successful cleaning business owners are doing. When I discovered the local map pack, so local SEO, it's something that everybody's able to do very quickly, very easily for like almost no money, especially when you're in an up-and-coming area.

So let me give you these three things to help you guys, like us, get more than $6,000 a month from a new location and just by putting your business on Google Maps, so one thing that you need to know is that every city is different, so when you're picking a place to put your business on the Google Map, one, you want to look for the most searched keyword, right, you want to look for the most, what are people actually looking up, are they looking at maids in my area, they're looking at house cleaning, are they looking at housekeeping, right, so there's a kind of standard way of doing this. What I like to tell people is your business, something cleaners or something maids and then house cleaning service or home cleaning service or maid service and then the city that you are putting your location in, so that's number one, okay, as well as the where you're putting the location. Don't put it when there's five other big competitors with a thousand reviews right around you.

You need to pick a spot on the map where you're going to be able to pop out in front of everyone, at least be in the top three because that's the big thing that the top three are the ones that show up when you look up, you know, house cleaning, whatever, the top three are what show up organically and you get free traffic from them, okay, so make sure you pick a spot that's not too much competition and there's enough population and you, of course, can find an office space to actually be in. Now, the second thing, if I can remember it, is going to be actually optimizing your Google business profile, okay, so it's not just let me put it up and we put my address, there's adding pictures, there's getting tons of reviews, there's connecting it to your website, there's your name, matching your title tag, matching your h1, all the sort of things you need to optimize your Google business profile, okay, so extremely, extremely important. It's not about just throwing an address up and it's the reason why we, with I think 60 reviews, are outranking those with 300 reviews even though they're closer, like when people are searching that other businesses are closer to them than us, it's because we've optimized it, okay, that has to do with your website and Google business profile, watch YouTube videos, chat GPT, okay.

The last thing, when you actually are trying to get verified, meaning you put an address and it says verify your location, verify your thing, always ask for a live video verification. The reason why is because I've heard horror stories of people having to, the normal way is you have to take a video of all this stuff and then submit it to Google. Google takes a week to get back to you and then tells you it's wrong, it's bad, and they don't tell you why it's bad.

So I've heard horror stories of people going back and forth with Google for a month, two months. I got my own friend on the wave of doing local SEO for his window cleaning business and pressure washing and he was not able to get verified for a month and a half because he didn't listen when I said to do the live video part. He was able to get verified and of course he's getting leads, free freaking leads, which is why we've opened up our second location in a budding city and focusing getting cleaners here and such and being able to actually like once again capitalize on the fact that there's many people that don't know how to do this.

So yeah, last thing, the live video, when you're doing the live video, all you gotta do is message Google, email Google, say hey I'd like to do a live video verification instead of the normal video submission thing. Somebody will jump on a call and they'll literally walk you through stuff. If you want to be prepared, go find a co-working space or just somewhere you can lease an office, right, and you will have to go and put, they'll want to see permanent signage.

So they just want to see like you know your office suite with, I'll just give you guys an example, they're gonna want to see like office suite number and the actual name of your business and then they're gonna want to see a restricted area being closed. So for instance this door being closed and then me like putting my password in and opening it, they will literally take screenshots and they'll take a fourth street shot which is your reception area which is, this is the reception area here, you know once you get into the office, they take those four screenshots, they go through a process and they put you on hold for five to ten minutes, they approve you, bada bing, bada boom, you are verified, you can have free leads coming in. If the rest of your Google business profile is optimized, if you have enough review and you're in the right spot with the right name of your business, we literally renamed our business and we're able to capture way, way, way, way more leads than we would have otherwise.

This is just being smart with your DBA, okay. So I just wanted to drop this out there for you guys because I've talked about this in the past and I even talked about like in a podcast how we grew so fast but haven't gotten like some of the specifics of some of the details. So I just wanted to give that stuff, like just give this to you guys.

So yeah, help tons of people to do this. It's a freaking great way to establish a presence online, get free leads. Like I said, our first location does more than six grand a month and new business, not including all the recurring that we've built up from it, but new business and it's free.

So I mean other than the amount you pay for the office space but I know people that don't even have office spaces for the business and they haven't optimized their Google business profile and it's crazy. So anyways, go kill it, keep crushing guys. Have a wonderful, wonderful Christmas.

Jesus loves you. Bye-bye.