Hey Michelle, this is Elijah with the Faithful Cleaners. We had spoken over Indeed a little bit, talked about a call at 2.30 today, so is now still a good time? Yes, absolutely. How are you? I'm not doing too bad. 

How's your Tuesday going so far? So far, so good. Right on. You working today? Not today, no. 

That's always nice. I am feeling a little bit under the weather, so you may have to bear with me here. I don't know if I caught a cold or what, but maybe just allergies. 

I don't know, but give me just a second. Let me pull up some information here. I saw on Indeed that you're in Rockwall, is that right? Yes, correct. 

Okay, good deal. We are in Collin County, actually. I had a buddy that was, he lives here with us, and he was driving to Rockwall because he worked at a church there. 

He said it was quite a drive, so if we're getting jobs in McKinney, Prosper, Frisco, Plano, Allen, is that going to be too much of a drive for you, or is that something you're looking to do? Well, I mean, I'm up for driving at least 30 miles, so McKinney, Plano, and all that area over there is completely fine. I'm not too, too far from that. Okay, good deal. 

I just wanted to make sure. I don't want to waste your time if it's something that's too far for you. Right, right, right. 

Okay, well, good deal. That sounds good. I'll give you a little bit of information on us, who we are, what we're looking for, and then I'll go ahead and ask you a few questions. 

We can make sure this is a good fit, and then I can dive into some more of the specifics and answer any questions you've got after that, so that sound good? Yes, sounds good to me. Sweet. All right, so we are the Faithful Cleaners, a Christian house cleaning service here in Collin County. 

Been in business for almost a year and a half now. We serve about 125 homes a month, but we have been growing every single month since we started, so really looking for people to join the team that we can trust to be on time and serve our clients well. At the end of the day, that's what we're here for, is just to serve people well, so really want people that can line up with our values and our goals and help us achieve that. 

So we do primarily residential cleaning. We'll do some offices every now and then, but for the most part, residential is our bread and butter, and the position that we're hiring for right now is 1099. Are you familiar with what that looks like and how that works? Yes, I do. 

It's a contract. Yep, perfect. We do have a document giving some information on that if you do need any more additional information, but have you worked a 1099 position before? Oh, yeah. 

Okay, perfect. I think I actually saw that on your Indeed thing. Yeah, I'm on bonding and insuring, too. 

Okay, that's perfect. That was going to be one of my questions, so beat me to it. Yeah, because I have a few clients of my own here in Rockwell. 

They're my own. Okay. I'll tell you more about that.

I'll let you finish your stuff. Well, that was about all that I had for you, just a brief overview on a site. Like I said, I'll go into more of the specifics a little bit later, but yeah, tell me about your past cleaning experience and what you got going on right now. 

I recently was in Colorado. I just moved here about three months ago. I'm originally from Rockwell. 

I'm originally from Texas. I had clients in Colorado that were mine. I did work with a couple of contracts to fill in the gap. 

Then I got a divorce and moved here back to Rockwell because that's where I'm originally from. I'm just trying to get back in the swing of things. I'm looking basically to work to fill in the gaps because it's a lot different than it used to be back in the day. 

It's a little bit harder to go out and drum up business than it used to be back a while ago. I'm familiar with the whole contract thing because it's more like you guys produce the clients and then we service the clients. That's kind of what I'm looking for, something that I don't have to go out and drum up so much business. 

I can just kind of have it already done for me and just show up at the client and do what I do best. That's perfect. That's exactly the type of person that we're looking for. 

Yeah, you're right. It's a lot harder to get business nowadays. A majority of the people we target are recurring cleanings. 

Actually doing that is, we've spent thousands and thousands of dollars just on testing different marketing services and then finding which ones actually work for us. We're definitely thousands of dollars in the hole with just figuring out this whole marketing thing. You're right, it definitely isn't easy. 

Yeah, it's very exaggerated. Back in the day when we lived here, which was like 15 years ago, well it's been about 10 years, but it was pretty easy out here in Rockwell because Rockwell has a lot of good potential clients with very large homes. I was doing extremely well.

But I come back and, you know, I was doing okay in Colorado. But I come back here and it's like, whoa. A little bit different. 

The cleaning industry has grown and it's exploded. So yeah, it's a lot of oversaturation. So battling that, I guess, can be quite a lot of competition.

Yeah, for sure. And you're also going up against people that have either A, been here for a decade plus and they're just so established that what are we going to do against them? Or B, it's someone who's some really smart business genius who really knows what he's doing and really knows how to get his foot in the door. So you're right, really saturating a lot of competition for sure. 

But I'm grateful to God that we've been able to make it this far and we're still continuing to grow. So I thank God for that. That's great. 

Yeah, it's like finding good people though, you know, that'll do the work for you and do it right and not, you know, have a turnover. Yeah, absolutely. We hired, transparently, we hired two other people like last week or two weeks ago and they both just stopped responding before their first job. 

So I'm really looking for, I'm doing a bunch of interviews and really looking for some people to just be reliable and have the same servant's heart that, you know, we all do. We've got typically anywhere between five and ten people on the team at any time. We are a little bit leaner right now, probably closer to five people on the team. 

And I think you were the one who mentioned in your, I think in the bio or whatever that was on indeed, was that, you know, don't expect to get like, you know, 40 hours a week immediately. Yeah, just want to make sure we're setting the right expectation for sure. You know, most of our... I get that. 

And then you also got to make sure that you've got someone that can handle the workload as well, kind of gradually. Yeah, for sure. Most of our cleaners don't work 40 hours a week, but they could. 

Our top cleaner right now, as far as, you know, earnings go, she is working about 20, 25 hours a week and taking home about a thousand to thirteen, fourteen hundred every week. So she's... See that's what I'm looking for. She's not doing too bad for herself, but she is also really quick and efficient. 

Yeah, that would be me. That's good to hear. I have 15 plus years experience, so I am quick and efficient and fast. 

I also specialize in like move outs and move ins. First time in, deep clean. I really like to tackle those.

I like the challenge. Yeah. I don't mind doing the weekly, bi-weeklies and monthlies. 

I don't mind those, you know, because I get close with a lot of my clients. But I, you know, you get to know them and you get to know their pet peeves and what they want and don't want and all that. Yeah. 

But I have no problem tackling, you know, a good deep clean the first time in. Yeah. No, the projects are definitely fun ones for sure. 

We don't really get a lot of crazy ones. We don't do too many post-construction. But as you know, we're coming into the springtime, we've been getting a lot more move in, move out and deep cleanings. 

So that's awesome to hear from you. Besides your current clients that you have, do you have any other job or obligation that's going to fill up your schedule or what does your schedule look like besides that? No, I've only got probably about three clients and that's about it right now. Because like I said, it's only been three months that I've been here and I've been just kind of sitting on like, how do I market without spending a fortune? You know, it's like, I don't have to like pay to get clients and I'm like, I don't know.

You know, so yeah, so I'm kind of like, okay, I need to find a company that actually can like contract me out, so to speak, and that I can work with. I like the fact that you guys are Christian-based, so that's pretty cool too. Yeah, absolutely. 

Well, I mean, I'm serious when I say like, you are the ideal situation that we're looking for from a candidate. So that's super awesome to hear. As far as compensation, what ideally were you looking for? As in like pay? Yeah, if you had to give like an hourly rate that would be ideal for you and in your situation, what would that be? I usually, most of my clients, it's about 25 to 30 an hour, but I usually charge a flat rate. 

Because I feel like they don't get as much for like, I'll go in and give them an estimate. You know, for deep clean, it's usually a little bit more, you know, because it's the first time in deep clean. But if you want to round it out into like, I mean, it just depends.

But yeah, usually around 25 to 30. Perfect. Yeah, that's right where we're at.

I feel like that's a good in-between, you know, it's not overcharging, but it's not under charging, you know, because I do have, I'm very professional with what I do. So I feel like, you know, it's a good... Yeah, absolutely. That's right where we're at too, as far as pay.

So that's good to hear. And we do the same thing as you, we pay on a flat rate per job. So that's perfect to hear. 

We base our flat rate off of 25 an hour. So if a job is going to take four hours, then we'll pay 100 bucks. And you know, if you go there and do it in two, then, you know, still the same 100 bucks. 

So. Wow. Okay, cool. 

Yep. Flat rate per job based on that 25 an hour target. So that's good to hear. 

As far as I guess, just the future long term, is this something that is just sort of a transitional job for you, you know, going to school or something like that? Or is this just kind of, you know, you're in this for the long run? Yeah, I'm looking for something that I can kind of stick with for a while. Like, I don't, I don't really want to go out and drum up business anymore. Like, it's just, it's really like, I don't know where to go with it. 

And some of these are just like, you have to pay for leaves. And then like, it's just crazy. And I'm just like, I really am trying to look for a place to myself that I can stick with it that can give me jobs, you know, and just kind of let me do what I do best. 

And not basically not micromanage because I have gone with a couple companies, you know, to try them out. And it's kind of like, whoa, okay. You know, the cleaning supplies may have been a little bit on the cheaper, toxic side, and I'm more into the non-toxic. 

So, so I'm just, yeah, I'm definitely looking for long term. Yeah, that's awesome. That's great to hear. 

So we are in the same boat. Pretty much all the cleaners we have on staff right now have been with us for at least six months. So we've only been in business for, you know, a little over a year, almost a year and a half. 

So that's a pretty long time for us. And we plan on keeping them all for as long as we can. So love building relationships with good people. 

Yeah, absolutely. I've got some rapid fire questions for you real quick. So bear with me. 

But I'm assuming you have a valid driver's license and a working vehicle, right? Yes. Perfect. And then would you be able to pass a background check? Absolutely. 

Awesome. And I know you mentioned this a million times, you already have your own cleaning supplies, right? Yep. Perfect. 

High quality, non-toxic. Good deal. And then you mentioned this earlier, you have general liability insurance? Uh-huh. 

Perfect. That is awesome to hear. Got a little bit more information here that I kind of skipped through. 

So as far as payment, we do pay every Friday. Most of our cleaners like to be paid through Zelle, but we can do direct deposit or any other method that you prefer. Zelle is just instant. 

So that's why most of our cleaners like that as opposed to... Yeah, you can definitely get that. Sweet. Whatever is easiest for y'all. 

That sounds good. If this was a position you decided you wanted to go for, next steps typically look like I'd send you over the subcontractor agreement. That's just an agreement that outlines the scope of work and our relationship together from a legal side.

Once you sign that, then we would go ahead and send you the onboarding email that will have our cleaner onboarding packet. It's just a PDF document with pretty much every instruction you could possibly need for working with us. It would answer about every question. 

It has our cleaning checklists, what we do on each type of clean, the different types of cleans. It has the recommended cleaning supplies, how to use your calendar app, and everything else. So also with that onboarding email, there will be a few tasks to complete, like the background check providing proof of insurance and some ID. 

But once that whole onboarding process is done, we're good to go. Normally the background check will take like a day or two. Then we would pair you with one of our cleaners that we already have on staff. 

You guys would go do a clean together. And if all goes well, then you're good to start filling up your schedule. Oh, perfect. 

I like that. Awesome. What questions did you have for me? I don't think I really have any at the moment. 

I think you pretty much covered everything. I'm just, like I said, I'm looking for something that I don't have to go out and drum up businesses and just, you know, here you go. Yeah, well, that's good to hear. 

Yeah, super, super good to hear. And if you have any other questions, feel free to text me, let me know. But next steps from here, I've got about, I think two or three more interviews for today. 

I did about six or seven yesterday. And then I've been taking notes. I'll just go ahead and we are hiring for a few positions. 

I'll go ahead and submit all this information to my co-owner and my manager. And then we'll see. But if I got to be honest, I think you're a great fit for this. 

So you're definitely one of my favorite candidates that I've interviewed. And I think that we can definitely make something happen here. So I should be back to you by hopefully by some point tomorrow, just via text, if this is a good number to text you at. 

Okay, perfect. Oh, I did have one more question. Yeah, absolutely. 

On scheduling, do you just, do I like let you know, like what I have, like open, and then you guys fill in those? Yep, if it's going to be. I have one client on my own that I've had for just a little bit. She's on like a Monday or something, every other Monday. 

So would that be an issue? Yeah. So if it is going to be, you know, like every week I can't do Monday, then yeah, we can just put that in. But if it's going to be different week to week, typically what will happen is our manager L will reach out to you and say, Hey, we've got an available cleaning on this day. 

Here are the details. Do you want it? And if you choose to accept it, then it'll go on your calendar. Oh, perfect. 

Okay, perfect. Okay. I just wanted to kind of make sure that, you know, it's not an issue for you guys. 

If I have like a client, you know. No, not at all. Yeah, you're, you're free to, you know, accept or decline whichever jobs you choose. 

So feel free to. Well, I'll probably be accepted a lot. Yeah. 

Well, that's good to hear. Okay, perfect. Well, I look forward to getting the email with information to fill out and get you guys what you need. 

So sounds good. Well, I am excited to, yeah, just start working with you. I'll be in touch and hopefully by end of day tomorrow, but if not Thursday, I'll be reaching out via text and we can get this process started.

Sounds good. Thank you so much. It was Elijah, right? Yep. 

You got it. It was great to great to meet you, Miss Michelle, and I look forward to talking to you soon. Okay. 

Sounds good. Thank you. Have a good rest of your day. 

You too. Bye-bye now. Bye-bye.