Guys, an unfortunate part of this business is that you will sometimes just deal with a rude or unreasonable client. So the first thing you need to know about this is that it's going to happen, it's part of the business, number one. You didn't do anything wrong.

Number two, your goal primarily is to serve them well, to guarantee their satisfaction. So I'm going to talk about some of the ways that we do that. One being that some clients, they just want to complain and they want to know that you're hearing their complaints and that you're going to do something about it.

Now, doing something about it could be just taking notes for the next clean. If they're obviously really a bad client, then there won't be a next clean, but it could be discounting their clean, it could be going out and fixing the problem and re-cleaning. But you can't just be solution oriented, honestly, because people are just people.

If you're dealing with a rude and unreasonable client, it's likely that they're not too logical about how they're feeling and they're just feeling what they're feeling. So something that we learned is that you side with the client, really. What you don't want is a negative review.

You don't want it to look badly on you later. You're going to have some cleans that you don't profit as much and you're just trying to avoid a further negative review. Some situations are just like that, but there's this thing that Alex Ramosi says, which is there's only one person that can be in the angry boat.

So we've had a client before, for instance, call that was just mad, upset. Now granted, our cleaner didn't do the best job and she had a reason to be upset and she sent some pictures and there's a little bit of cat litter that got under the chairs that she didn't pick up and there's dust on the top of the headboard and there was one area like the baseboards and she sent pictures like, I'm paying for this and blah blah blah. She could have done it and I'm just not happy about this and she's upset, she's angry, and you can tell she's being emotional.

There's only one person that can be in the angry boat. So if you jump in the angry boat and you're angrier and you're like, Linda, I cannot believe that this happened, that she missed the cat litter under the chair. I mean, it only takes like 30 seconds to do and she missed it.

Oh, I, I, I apologize. I can't even, I, I'm in disbelief. I'm going to make sure that she knows and the dusting, I can't believe she missed the dusting.

I mean, it's right there. I mean, I can't, I cannot. Oh, Linda, I can only imagine, you know, you're, you're upset about this because of course this is not our standards and what she's going to do because you've jumped in the angry boat.

You're going to basically have kicked her out of the angry boat where it's like, oh no. Well, you know what she did really good like on the other stuff and y'all don't want her to get in trouble. You know, it's just, it's just a little thing and I just wanted to make sure, you know, and all of a sudden now she's defending for the good, for the good side.

Right? So this is something that we don't use too often because we just don't run into problems often, but when you have a really upset client or really angry client, and especially when you know that you're probably just gonna have to discount this clean, the cleaner messed up or it's just a really unreasonable client, then, um, and there's not, there's not gonna be a future clean. Then you can just like, you know, just put all the blame on your cleaner and you're never going to talk to the cleaner and say like, I, you know, it's your fault. Like you might send pictures of like, Hey, we missed this and this, but like, you know, with the client, I might just like, unbelievable.

I can't believe it. I mean, I don't even know. I thought she was, you know, she's been good for us in the past, but man, you know, like this is unbelievable.

I might have to reconsider if she's even going to be part of our team anymore. You know, they're just, it's a strategy that you can use to get someone out of being angry by being more angry than them because there's only one person that can be an angry boat. So, um, like I said, great for when you know that you're never going to clean them again and you just, you know, you can send another cleaner out there to fix the reclean.

Um, you know, you all, of course you're wrapping it back around to, I mean, when I, I just, I can't even imagine, I'm just, I'm so sorry. Usually what we do is we would just discount the clean 20% or just get someone usually recleaned. But I understand if you don't even want us to get out there and messed up the first time.

You know, we have a satisfaction guarantee. So I want to make sure that you're satisfied so I can do that or I can apply a credit to a future cleaner. You can kind of give her the options, but, um, someone really is rude and unreasonable, you know, not a good client, but sometimes, you know, there's just some yappers out there that just want to be heard and hear, you know, a thing and we're like, yep, like it's first time when you're home, you know, and make sure that we put that on the notes for the file.

But, um, that angry boat technique has been great when, um, you know, you don't want to be in a situation where they're angry and you're defending and then they feel like you're not agreeing with them. So they get more angry to show you how upset they really are. And then you try to defend more and go, well, we tried or like that's not included or whatever.

And then they get, then you're pushing against them and then they get more angry. Like you're able to just like avoid that kind of a situation by just, no, I can't believe it. Are you serious? You missed it.

And you didn't even, you didn't even see it when we were doing the walkthrough. Oh my gosh. Oh, this is probably so annoying, isn't it? Like you can just relating to them on a human level, but, um, being more upset than them or being more angry than them is a great strategy to take because they're going to kind of, like I said, flip on you, um, in a good way.

So.