So as far as determining a cleaner's pay, right? So on 1099, which is what we do, we can't pay hourly. Okay, that's a WT thing. So 1099, I'm going to another business and going, this is the job, these are the details, this is the pay for that job.

It's very simple. Okay, so how do we determine how much we're going to pay them? What we do is we have a variable percentage, right? So anywhere from we've had jobs be as low as 35% that we're giving to a cleaner because you know we're charging so much that the cleaner is making good money and we're making really good money and we pay them 35% or we have jobs that you know, we're paying 65-70% because it's a weekly clean, there's not as much margin and so we need to make sure our cleaner is paid but it's an easy client and you make more over the month rather than just one, you know, clean. So on average our numbers are averaging out to we pay about cleaners about 50 to 55% overall across the month of the jobs.

I know people that pay about 70% and I mean their business is struggling and that's because they're trying to pay cleaner enough for them to be happy, but they're not charging enough that there's you know enough margin for the business. So if you're above 60% I'd say unless you're in a unique situation where you're doing daily or weekly cleans often then kind of a problem. So you either need to be paying your cleaners less or you need to be charging your clients more.

I would assume you need to be charging your clients more because you probably aren't paying your cleaner, you know $40-$50 an hour and you're like, oh I need to pay you less, you know, you're probably paying them you know $20-$30 an hour and still giving them a high percent because you're not charging your clients enough, right? So really easy way to solve that problem is just charging more and giving cleaners. What we do when we talk to cleaners is we explain that we don't guarantee hourly, but we do our absolute best to make sure no matter what job that they're on that we want them to be hitting, you know, of course a livable amount and a reasonable amount. So that for us in our heads is we want you making at least $25 an hour, you know or there's certain, you know circumstances yada yada, but I'm not guaranteeing anything I'm not saying I'm gonna pay you $25 an hour or I'm going to pay $25 an hour or pay you at least $25 an hour, but I am explaining that our other cleaners make average $35-$40 an hour without tips, our best cleaners, right? Our mid cleaners are still making, you know, $30-$35 an hour, sometimes $40 an hour.

That's how it pans out at the end of the week how much time they put in versus how much we paid them. We're not paying them $35 an hour. We're paying them, you know, based on the five jobs they did and they spent, you know, X amount of hours and when you put that math together that's how much that they're making about per hour, right? But I can't guarantee hourly. 

I can't you just can't do that legally. So very simply I use the I use the example of our existing cleaners to say, hey, our cleaners are getting paid about this much. Our best cleaners are getting paid this much. 

Our average cleaners are getting paid about this much. That's what it turns out to. So I can't guarantee anything because you're $10.99, but that's what I'm hoping for.

Like I want you to get paid well, right? Don't get stuck on telling someone like, hey, I'm gonna pay you 50% of a job because you know, to them they're like, well, what's 50% gonna be $15 an hour? Is it gonna be $40 an hour? You know, they don't really know. So that's why we don't guarantee a percent. We don't go, hey, we're gonna pay you 50%.

We're like, hey, we're gonna pay you percentage of jobs anywhere. I mean, it could be 40 to, you know, 70%. It could be 30 to 70%, whatever's the range, right? But my goal is to make sure you're making at least X amount and our standard across the month is paying about, you know, 50%.

So they can't see how much a job, your cleaner shouldn't be able to see how much a job costs. Obviously, if your clients are paying check or whatever, they're gonna see, but that doesn't matter if they see. Like I'm gonna go and pick up checks from a cleaner today and she knows how much the client pays up.

She knows how much she gets paid and she's happy with it because she's making a good amount. So, yeah, don't get stuck if a cleaner is like, oh, I feel like I'm doing a lot of work, you know, 50-50. It just doesn't make sense that, like, you shouldn't be running into any of that. 

It's very clearly, if, like, you just kind of, you can kind of, like, if you really want to explain it out is like, so what if I paid you 80%? Would you be happy with that if you were making, you know, $10 an hour? It doesn't make sense, right? But would you be happy if I was paying you 20%? And you were making $60 an hour? Yeah, you'd be happy because of what you're making, you know, when it comes out to the hourly. So, like, don't get hung up on a percentage at all. Don't get locked into a percentage. 

Don't promise a certain amount of percentage. It's variable, but our goals are that you're making at least X amount and our cleaners have been with us for a while. We treat them well, and they love us. 

And hey, if you want to talk to one of our cleaners, you can. So, yeah, that's how, you know, going about determining how much to pay a cleaner Use those, you know, measures in the beginning of, like, you shouldn't be paying a cleaner. It just depends on where you live. 

Look, we're in Texas. Like, it's a totally different thing than wherever you're at. So, I can't determine what your price should be, but your numbers need to be healthy for your business so you can run as a business, right?