Okay, so hire slow, fire fast. This is something that is just a proverb in the business world. The reason why it's important to do this for the cleaning business, both for your cleaners and also for your virtual assistants and your operations team, is that you want to make sure you're finding the right person.

So hire slow means really qualify them, really take the time to see if they're the right fit. And then if you bring them on, so hiring slow, if they aren't a fit, then fire them fast because they just didn't meet what you were expecting them to meet. So there's other people out there.

There's other cleaners out there, there's other virtual assistants. The quicker that you find the right person, the faster your business is going to grow. You don't want to be holding on to people that aren't a smart business decision just because your emotions are tied into your relationship with them.

So we learned this with our first virtual assistant. Everything on paper looked great with him. He had past experience, all these things, and we brought him on.

We hired very fast. We would review two people, we're like, oh, he sounds really good, seems like a great fit. And bring him on, it was a bit slow.

We didn't have a VA for this business before. I've used virtual assistants in multiple other businesses, but for this business, it was a new thing. So like, okay, and he's kind of slow around the software and then he's not good at sales like we expected him to be.

And we're like, okay, this just feels like things are slipping through the cracks and they shouldn't be. But he's new, so we're going to train him and bring him on. And we're two months in and things are still slipping through the cracks, systems aren't being followed.

And we kept him probably for another month longer than we should have because we just really liked the guy and emotionally it was a really tough decision. From that point forward, we decided we can't make these kind of emotional decisions. I've seen other businesses ruined by similar decisions.

I had a buddy, he started his cleaning business and it was so hard for him to get off the first two months because he kept working with this cleaner that kept rescheduling on him, canceling on him, no showing because she had a car thing or she had a kid thing or she had whatever. And it's like, he really liked her and he knew her situation was really rough and difficult. He really wanted to help her, but in the end, his business suffered because of it, which isn't good.

So keep personal, personal, keep business, business. I'm saying that, but I'm really the first person to bring personal into business, but you really have to understand that there's limits to what you're able to do and how you're able to help people. So anyways, that's the gist of it.

My perspective on this really changed, honestly, even more so in the past week of going to Houston and just shadowing my mentor who's got, he's raised $100 million for his oil and gas business. I used to work for him, consult for him, do marketing and sales consulting stuff and that's actually what I just did. So we've got projects there that I'm working on right now.

But point being that in his meetings, him, he's a founder and CEO. He brought his president and COO into a meeting and CFO into a meeting and they're talking about millions of dollars going in and out and in one situation having to sue someone because something happened and yada, yada. And the lack of personal whatever was such an advantage to them because there was no, they were running through numbers and they were making business decisions based on numbers, which is what you need to be doing as well.

And it's how we're operating because in the end, business doesn't really care about your feelings. In the end, it breaks down to the numbers. So if somebody has a bad close rate, then you need to move on, find someone that has a good close rate.

It's a very simple conversation. I just had another conversation with someone last week and they had a VA for a while. They really liked the VA.

They know her situation and yada, yada. And the close rate is like 15%. It's like, sorry, you need to go and fire that VA.

She's like, wow, I really like her and da, da, da, da. You can either like her and keep her and your business fails or you can like her and tell her, sorry, she's not a good fit and find someone better and your business is going to succeed. So it's kind of your only options.

I also like to tell people you can't take someone from like ABC, think like, you know, levels. It's like a player is really, really good. C player is not good.

You can take someone from like a A minus to like an A or an A plus, but you can't take someone from a B to an A. I just don't. I would have fought that with my whole soul a couple of years ago. But as I've spent time in business, as I've worked with people, I truly believe that you're able to take someone from, you know, like a B minus to a B or B to a B plus, but you're not going to take a C player and turn them into an A player no matter how hard you trade them.

That's just how it goes. It just is what it is. Right.

So, yeah, sure. There's the one in a million, but you don't have that one in a million. So just move on and find their A player.

Find your A player. If you've got a B player, it's pretty simple.