Step 1 – Qualifying Indeed Applicants

We use indeed.com for most of our hiring. If we really need someone and there aren’t any more Indeed applicants to reach out to, feel free to check housekeeper.com, care.com, Nextdoor, Facebook groups, Google Maps, etc.





Indeed Login





Screening Indeed Applicants Video

 Part 1: https://www.loom.com/share/9ff0597bbb8144bf960f60f33a3b2f67 Part 2:https://www.loom.com/share/a3056378590144f7a5cae261129dd71c



Accept if: 6+ months residential cleaning experience, located within 20 miles of service area, complete resumé, friendly tone. Move on to step 2

Message if: you’re not sure if they qualify, message them on Indeed and ask about relevant experience

Reject if: no residential cleaning experience or commercial‑only backgrounds, missing transport/phone, hostile tone.

Step 2 – Schedule Interview





Offer 3 time slots within 24–72 hrs.



Schedule a Google Meet or a phone call (using google voice #)

Step 3 – Interview





Goal: Get a feel for warmth, reliability, and professionalism. Paper can mislead.





Use the interview guide.

 TFC Cleaner Interview Process.pdf





Rubric (score 1–5 each):







Warmth/Friendliness



Communication clarity



Professionalism (appearance, punctuality)



Reliability signals (transportation, schedule honesty)



Residential know‑how (kitchens/baths details, time estimates)



Red flags: Aloof/unfriendly, late to call, blames past clients, unwilling to video, chaotic background noise, argumentative.





Example Interview

 Marie Vasquez Interview.aifc



Step 4 – Decision





Hire/Decline/Waitlist.



If Hire → proceed to Step 6 the same day.



If Decline → send polite rejection.

Step 5 – Subcontractor Agreement





Subcontractor Agreement via GHL (template). Wait ‘til they sign before proceeding to next step.





Loom Instructions

 https://www.loom.com/share/8ee9b943b13b4eac8213f5f49669f150



Step 6 – Onboarding

Create them a BK Provider account.





Loom Video

 https://www.loom.com/share/c804b69b2df442dd9f57aaf2aa1e754b?sid=5fd868f2-61a1-4e6a-ba90-e4cc1b8a8a2b



Welcome Email. Make sure to include link to W-9 and attach the Cleaner HandBook PDF in the welcome email!





Template

 Dear {Cleaner First Name},

 Welcome to the team at The Faithful Cleaners! We are super thrilled to have you!

 To ensure a smooth start, please follow these important steps:







Download the Booking Koala App: This is the app we use for all of our Bookings. This is where you will see your scheduled cleans, clock your hours, and input your schedule. Username: {Cleaner Email} Password: {Password you set



Check Your Email: Today, you will receive an email from Checkr - please follow the instructions ASAP. This will help us conduct a background check.



Review the Handbook + Checklist: We’ve attached the Cleaner Handbook with all the information you’ll need to work effectively. You don’t need to have this memorized, but please do read through it and ask any questions.



Reply to This Email: Please send us the following:





A photo of your driver’s license.



A photo of your general liability insurance certificate (recommended providers are Thimble and Next Insurance. You can get plans from $30-$50. If you have any questions or concerns, please let us know)



Complete your W-9: {Insert W9 link from GHL)



Download the Discord App: This is the main app for communication between managers and cleaners. Create an account and use this link to join once you’ve done so: https://discord.gg/24KPvUTUJe



Kindly complete these tasks and return the required information to us by the end of tomorrow.

 If you have any questions or need assistance, feel free to reach out.

 Warm regards,

 {Your Name}

 The Faithful Cleaners Team

 Cleaning Checklists: https://thefaithfulcleaners.com/checklist/



W‑9 via GHL. (Use the template, follow similar instructions mentioned in loom above for the subcontractor agreement)

Background Check via Checkr (Standard package).



Gate: Candidate cannot be assigned jobs until Agreement signed, W‑9 received, Background = Clear (or Owner approve “Consider”).

Step 7 – Cleaners Sheet (5 minutes)





Update your cleaner info cleaning with all the relevant information you have on the cleaner.

Step 8 – Ready for First Job (Quality Gate)





All docs complete (Agreement, W‑9, Background = Clear).



BK Active = Yes and availability set.

Post-Hire

Schedule them a cleaning paired with a current provider.

Pair them with one of our solid providers that we already have a good relationship with and we know we can rely on.

Let the provider know that we’re pairing them with a new cleaner and we want to see how they do. Let the new cleaner know who they’ll be cleaning with.

After their first cleaning…

Call the new cleaner and ask them how everything went. Obtain as much info as possible.

Call the provider they were paired with and ask how they did. If they did good, feel free to begin scheduling them as needed. If there were some complaints from our current provider, determine appropriate next steps-