All right, so how does insurance work? I'm not a insurance expert, but I can give you the basics. Insurance is something that protects the client. In the case of something going wrong, it protects your subcontractor, which is why they should have their own insurance.

And then you having your own insurance is also a protection for you, okay? So when there's small mistakes, you're only using insurance in the case of something bad going down or being able to tell your client, hey, we have insurance. Look, like most people out there don't. And anyways, insurance, the point of it is that if there's a big mistake, then you have protection against something big.

It is rare that you're ever even gonna use that insurance, like extremely rare, but it's just a good thing to have in place. You know, like I've heard a story one time of a guy who they're just vacuuming and it was like an expensive Persian rug, like a $30,000 Persian rug. And the vacuum had a roller bar that ended up pulling up and screwing up the very expensive rug, right? So ain't nobody paying 30 grand out of pocket, right? We're going to insurance and dealing with that.

So it might even not have been your fault, right? Like it could have been the client not, you know, communicating that that was something that needed to be aware of because it's hardly negligence if you or any just common person would be unaware, but you know, technically you're supposed to be like a cleaning technician, so you should know. So anyways, insurance is there to protect you. It should always default to, because you're going business to business and you're going like, I'm paying on 1099, another business that cleaner to go and clean.

If she messes up or he messes up, that falls on him or her as a business, right? So why they should have insurance. So even if something goes bad or goes wrong, you have their insurance, you have an agreement with them and you're able to go through their insurance, right? It's just how it goes. But insurance is important.

All of your cleaners should have insurance. I think we use, Elijah, do we use Next Insurance? What do we recommend people? I think we use Thimble. Okay, Thimble.

I've also seen Next as one. So cheap insurance. If a cleaner is struggling to pay insurance, it's probably not a good fit.

If you're in a dire situation, they're like, look, I'm really broke. I really need this. I'm a good cleaner.

Use your best, what's the term? Use your best, I don't know, something. My brain's just farting right now. But make sure all your cleaners have insurance and that you have that on file, okay? Make sure you have insurance as well.

And if you're doing commercial stuff, which we just focus residential because it's our bread and butter, it's very easy. Then if you're commercial, then you might have a different coverage that you need. It's gonna be based on the commercial contracts and the things that you're dealing with.

They might say, hey, you need $5 million coverage or whatever it is. So anyways, that's insurance. Like I said, we've never had to go through insurance.

You should really never have to go through. It's extremely, extremely rare. But in the case, you should have something that protects you.

So that's why insurance is there.