Your Goal in Interviews: Get a feel for warmth, reliability, and professionalism. Paper can mislead.


Rubric (score 1–5 each):






Warmth/Friendliness



Communication clarity



Professionalism (appearance, punctuality)



Reliability signals (transportation, schedule honesty)



Residential know‑how (kitchens/baths details, time estimates)



Red flags: Aloof/unfriendly, late to call, blames past clients, unwilling to video, chaotic background noise, argumentative.



Cleaning Tech Interview


Intro! Funny. Light Hearted. High Energy, Happy!


Hey! I’m glad you’re here! Nice to meet you. 

Be friendly. Make connection. Make them feel welcome and more comfortable, oftentimes people will be a little nervous.


Outline the Interview Structure:

I’m going to tell you a little bit about how we work.

I’ll ask you some questions to get to know you and what your experience is.

At the end I’ll give you all the specifics and details about the job, then you tell me if this is a good fit for you and we’ll go from there.

Sound good? Awesome!




Introduction:

Let me tell you a little bit about our company.

COMPANY BACKGROUND

Our process is super simple. This is how it works.





Our marketing team is always finding new customers who need their house cleaned..



We take care of all the hard stuff. We do all the marketing, the selling, the phone calls, the billing, the payroll.



All you have to do is show up to the house and clean.

As we’re growing, we really need cleaners who we can depend on to show up on time and do 5 star work. 

Does that make sense?



Great! The position we’re hiring for is 1099 rather than W2. Are you familiar with this type of position? (If yes, great. If no, explain the basics to them, and tell them you’ll send them a document detailing it further. The document is here.)




Awesome, I’m going to ask you some questions to make sure you’re a good fit for us - and we’re also a good fit for you!




Interview Questions:





Tell me about your past cleaning experience. How long have you been cleaning?



Where are you in your job search? Like, are you already working somewhere?



What compensation are you aiming for?



What are your long-term career goals?



What is your availability, and where are you located?




Awesome, this is great.




Okay, I have some easy, rapid fire questions for you.

Additional Questions:





Can you pass a background check?



Do you have a valid driver's license and a vehicle?



Do you have general liability insurance? (if not, it’s $30-40 and it takes 5 minutes to get. Tell them we will send them some recommended providers if they need)



Do you have your own cleaning supplies? (if not, are you willing to purchase them? We have a list of recommended supplies in the onboarding packet)




Alright, here are all the details:




Job Details:





We primarily do house cleaning.



We have high standards and our cleaners are expected to bring joy and a smile into every home they clean.



We don’t pay hourly- we pay per job. However, we do have a unique payment structure to help you get at least $25/hr. This means that if your pay breaks down to less than 25/hr for the time you spent in the home, we’ll pay the difference to make sure you got at least that much. This is outlined further in the subcontractor agreement.



We pay every Friday, usually via Zelle, but we can also do direct deposit if you’d prefer. 




If you decide to move forward with us, here’s what next steps will look like: 





First, we’ll send you over the subcontractor agreement. This will just outline the terms for us working together. 



Next, we’ll send you the onboarding email. This will include the cleaner info packet, background check, and other information to get you started. 



Then, we’ll schedule you for your first job with one of our more experienced cleaners. If everything goes well, then we can begin scheduling you for your own jobs.




That’s about all I have for you. What are your thoughts?

What questions do you have for me? I want to make sure you get all the information you need. 




Q+A

Wonderful, if you don’t have any more questions; we can wrap this up. 




What’s a good email address for you?




So what happens next is I’m going to talk to my team, we’re going to review this call, and I’m going to reach back out to you within a week if you’re a good fit.




Awesome, it was a pleasure talking to you.