Okay, so for satisfaction guarantee, this is a big reason why many clients book with us and it gets them over the hump because with other cleaning companies, you know, we're just going to go there and be there for three hours and clean, or whatever it is, we're going to charge an hourly rate. So the reason that we have a satisfaction guarantee and a flat price is because we're going to make sure that we clean your home and that you are satisfied, and if you aren't then we're going to schedule a re-clean and we're going to fix it free of charge. Sorry.

So that way, it puts the responsibility on you as the business, as the business owner to make sure that the clean is done right and your best clients are looking for that exactly, right? They don't want to have a cleaner in the home like, man, is it going to be good, is it going to work? It's like we guarantee that it's going to be good. We guarantee that it's going to work and that you're going to be satisfied, which is a big difference. It means the world for those premium clients, rather than the cheap ones that just want bottom dollar, which is not a business that you can run for, and you can't just operate your business on cheap clients, right? So the satisfaction guarantee, you can actually check it out on our website, faithfulcleaners.com and how we do that, but we make it really clear that if we haven't met our expectations and our standards that we set, then we're going to come back and do that if it's our fault.

So that's extremely important. Man, this is coming out of nowhere. I apologize, guys.

I'm not about to cut up and edit all of these videos when I'm shooting so many. So satisfaction guarantee means that you need to uphold that, right? You need to make sure that they're satisfied. It also gives you the advantage when after a clean, if something does go wrong, then it's not like, you guys messed up.

It's like you get on the phone as an owner or the VA gets on as an office manager and goes, hey, my one job on this conversation and on this call is to make sure that you're satisfied. So let's look through the options to do that. Sometimes you don't need to re-clean.

Sometimes it's just like, hey, I recognize that, I missed that, we'll fix it on the next one. What I can do is I can just take $20 off and sometimes the client's just looking for a little something. Like we missed a little something and they just want to feel like they're getting something for that and out of that.

So yeah, satisfaction guarantee is a big deal and we even send a trust, what we call the trust building PDF that has satisfaction guarantee as the main thing on that document. We clean this many homes and we have background check and insurance and yada yada. The big thing there is that we have a satisfaction guarantee.

There's a Canva document you guys are able to use and the premium resources for that. So it's extremely important that you're making it clear that you have a satisfaction guarantee and I would recommend using that trust building PDF to send to your prospective leads because that's a big differentiator. So right after you jump off the phone with them, if they don't end up booking, then sending that PDF and giving some more information about yourself versus other cleaning companies.