I'm going to go find cleaners. This is one of the ways that we find cleaners is going to, we're going to Google Maps and looking in the area that I'm looking for cleaners. So for instance, we're going to go here, we'll clean in this area. 

I'm going to go over for house cleaning service. I'm going to zoom in because by zooming in and searching I'm going to find these smaller cleaners. So for instance, like last-minute maids.

They don't have any, I guess it's just maids.com. So I'm going to kind of look here and be cleaning services. No website, looks like four years ago. They, four years ago, they had posts and stuff. 

So I'm just going to call. Yeah, and really what I'm looking to do is go, hey, like we're packed. We're looking for more cleaners.

Do you still clean? Is that something that you could do? We pay around, it ends up being around a percentage of a job. It ends around being $30 an hour. Our best cleaner actually last week made $45 an hour.

So is that something you're interested in? And then from there just setting up an interview and going through that. But right now I just want to, I don't need to do a whole interview on the phone. I just want to set up a time to talk about it. 

So that's what that looks like. Let's make a call. So and then for that, for example, like if you know, they said yes, then after that, after I, you know, did an interview with them, let's say I like them, I would do like a test clean with them at one of my clients' houses. 

Then we got to the next step. Yeah, yeah, you're doing a test clean. I'm going to call, see if we can get a hold of them. 

Oh, I need to call from a business number instead of my personal. Okay. Four, three, two, one.

Nicole, am I muted for me? Yeah, one sec. I'm just going to call again. Always want to double dial. 

I've got a Chick-fil-A sandwich waiting for me downstairs. I definitely need to go munch. Is that lady not responding? There she is.

Lady flipped a call and then she just didn't show up to the call. Yep. Hi there. 

Is this a Do you do cleanings? Yes. Okay, awesome. I'm in the Frisco area, Proctor area.

I've got a cleaning business and I have too many cleans. So I'm looking for just other cleaners. Would you be interested in that? Do you know anyone else because we need cleaners really bad? Okay.

How many houses are we talking about? Yeah, so, I mean, we have cleaners with schedules packed. So, I mean, if you wanted to clean ten houses in a week, if you wanted to clean, you know, two houses a week, it just depends on your schedule. I'm sure you have your own clients.

Yeah. What are we talking about? I don't know how much. How many customers, how much you want to pay for that? Yeah, so what we do is we give a percentage of the clean.

So, like last week, we had three cleaners. We have about eight cleaners right now. I'm looking for more because we're growing.

But we had three cleaners that all made more than $40 an hour because they're just good cleaners. And I'm happy to have you talk to them and ask them. Usually what we do from here is if you're, like, looking for more cleans and you'd be happy to be a part of our team, like we just set up, like, a time, like an interview.

Like I don't want to take 30 minutes right now. I know, but an interview so you can ask questions and I can give you, like, you know, full information on it. But we really need more cleaners because we just have so much work.

I'm calling around trying to find more people for our team. Okay. Sounds good.

What's your name? My name's Alex. Alex. I'm happy to send you.

I am in a little meeting now. So, what if we can I call you back in this number and send you my time? Yeah, I can shoot you a text to this number and we can find a time to do a 30-minute interview. Okay.

What area do you want to cover? So, we clean in Prosper. We clean in McKinney. We clean in Plano.

We clean in Frisco. We clean even, like, in the colony in Allen. So, it just depends on what you want to do because I'm not going to make you – I'm not going to force you to drive somewhere you don't want to drive.

It's up to you what jobs you want to take. Okay. Okay.

Let's talk – tell me what day – can I call you back? Yeah, I'll shoot you a text right now and we'll find a time. Perfect. Thank you, Alex.

Okay. What was your name? Sorry. My name's Maria.

Maria. Maria. Okay.

Well, it was a pleasure to meet you. I will text you and we'll find a time, okay? Thank you, Alex. Bye-bye.

Okay. Bye-bye. Well, that went well.

Yeah. There you go. She actually sounds great.

Yeah. Hey, it's Alex. So, you kind of just find, like, a really smaller company with, you know, just a couple of reviews? Just like that, yeah.

So, she had five reviews and all of her reviews were from four years ago, I think. So, I just called and I'm going to shoot her a text now and say, hey, like, when's a good time that we can get on an interview? And then we're just going to interview. And I have, like, an interview guide and, like, how to do that.

But that's perfect. She has her own. She's serious enough about it that she has her own Google business profile.

She obviously cleans. Chances are she probably still has some of the same clients from four years ago. And so, I've called people before and they said, I can't take on any more clients.

I have a full schedule. And I'm like, great. That's awesome.

I'd love to hear that for you. Okay. Well, do you have any friends? Do you have anyone that's looking for work? Because we need cleaners, you know? Yeah.