So we've had some really awesome cleaners that have been with us for quite a while and You know, I know stories of other cleaning businesses that have had their cleaners for three five years Okay, so how is it that they're able to do that? How is it? We've been able to keep our cleaners one I think what's important is we are personally invested in that cleaner. I want to know about their life I want to know what's going on. I want to know is this like a long-term thing for them Are they just putting themselves through college? Like what's the situation here, right? Because we want to support them in their goals and it helps us understand what what we should be expecting from them, right? Another thing too is we are very Just clear when communicating with our cleaners if a client, you know has an issue with the cleaning We don't go to the cleaner and say hey you need to reclean you messed up Like we are you know in communication with cleaners showing pictures asking for their thoughts because sometimes the clients just you know yapping and you need to Give the cleaner space to go. 

No, I dealt with this or I told her that or XYZ, right? So just being respectful and treating the cleaners, you know, like they are which is another cleaning business, right? So The other thing we've been able to do to that we do in order to keep the cleaners. That's important is paying Like you're if you are paying your cleaners like $15 an hour $20 an hour 25 an hour Even like and 25 is the upper range of what you're paying them ish Hourly when you break everything down don't expect to have good cleaners You know, it's just the reality of it now it's gonna depend on your market and where you live and your kind of clients and such but You're going to have trouble keeping good cleaners if you aren't paying them well So our best cleaners, you know, they'll make $50 a week or $50 an hour broken across their jobs In a week sometimes like I think last week we paid a cleaner. It was about $1,000 for like 23 hours 24 hours She was you know on job sites. 

So You know, she's getting paid well because she's doing great work So you also don't want to penalize your good cleaners because you have some cleaners are slower some cleaners that are faster So that's why you don't base it on an hourly On an hourly rate, right so this job we know it should take on average about three and a half hours Let's just say four hours for the typical cleaner to clean So we're gonna pay, you know 120 and our good cleaner might knock that out in two and a half hours our typical cleaner may knock it out in three and a half four so I don't want to penalize Our good fast cleaner for being fast, right? It's why we pay a percentage of job in a flat, you know amount per Booking so make sure you're not penalizing your good cleaners for being good for being fast And then make sure that you are just paying well You want to pay well to keep good cleaners and you're struggling or worried about paying? Well, that means that you're not charging enough. You might tell me Alex. We don't know my market You don't understand the competition that I've got I do I've seen this all across many many markets and you will not be able to sustain this business at scale and grow it the way you need to with the margins that you want to Live your life and the way that you prefer if you don't have good prices For your cleans so I can already tell you if you're charging $40 an hour $45 an hour You're going to have like to your clients, you know, you're going to have issues even at 50 55 It's hard to scale, you know, so You're able to right and when you're bigger and you're doing 30 K 40 K 50 K a month, you know it's it's good, but I would highly recommend that you become the Premium option the luxury option with a satisfaction guarantee So that way you're just rooting out the cheap Clients and not having to deal with them and you're only taking on good clients so that your cleaners are getting paid Right, I'd rather be if I want to make you know, say $50,000 a month I'd rather do 200 clients that are all paying $250 then have to do 50 clients that are all paying $100 Is that right? No 500 clients paying $100. 

Yeah, right It's better to charge more and have less jobs to get to the number you need than to charge a small amount and have to Take on more jobs, right? It's just way better that way because you can You won't have to do with as many cleaners you'll be dealing with a different type of client which is ones that have money and often are busy professionals and Just want the job done well and are willing to pay full price for that