Job Post Description

Here at The Faithful Cleaners, we’re looking for a meticulous and experienced Cleaning Technician to join our team here in the McKinney, Prosper, Frisco areas. In this role, you will be responsible for professionally and efficiently cleaning our clients’ homes.. The ideal candidate will have a thorough knowledge of proper cleaning chemical usage and effective cleaning techniques. As a Cleaning Technician, your primary duties will include sanitizing, disinfecting, dusting, sweeping, vacuuming, and mopping all designated areas of the client's property.

To excel in this role, you must be able to work independently, follow instructions precisely, and conduct yourself with integrity and professionalism as a representative of our company. You must be capable of performing all assigned tasks and handling physical labor ranging from light to strenuous. You must be super responsible, take accountability, and take pride in your work. You must be high spirited, high energy, and like interacting with people.

Cleaning Technician Duties & Responsibilities:





Travel to client properties promptly, professionally, and on-time.



Review checklists for each property.



Complete all checklist items for every specific clean



Take accountability and pride in your work

Cleaning Technician Requirements:





Must have at least 2 years of professional cleaning experience



Must speak english



Must have or be willing to get insurance (it takes 5 minutes through Thimble - if you don't already have it that's okay)



High school diploma, GED, or suitable equivalent.



Valid driver’s license.



Ability to pass a background check and drug test.



Strong knowledge of cleaning supplies and chemicals.



Ability to understand and follow verbal and written instructions.



Ability to lift 20 pounds.



Must be able to stand and bend for extended periods.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract

Pay: $20.00 - $40.00 per hour

Expected hours: 20 – 40 per week

Benefits:





Flexible schedule

Schedule:





4 hour shift



8 hour shift



Choose your own hours



Day shift



Evening shift



Monday to Friday



Morning shift



Weekends as needed

Supplemental Pay:





Bonus opportunities



Tips

Ability to Commute:





McKinney, TX (Required)

Ability to Relocate:





McKinney, TX: Relocate before starting work (Required)

Willingness to travel:





50% (Preferred)

Work Location: In person