Okay, so something really important here is making sure that you're keeping organized job notes, okay? What we do is we have a system, we specifically use BookingQuala, but whether you're using BookingQuala, ScheduleDrop, Zenmade, whatever you're using, you are able to see what that specific job's unique notes are, and keeping this up to date is something extremely important as you keep a client long term. So, for example, I'm gonna press here a client that we've had for a long time. So what we do is home, once every two weeks, we have the preferred cleaner, we have clean exclusions, so something that we're not doing in the clean, and we have unique notes, okay? Very simple.

The reason that we do this in a structured way where you copy and paste preferred cleaner, clean exclusions, unique notes, is because our bookings, if we just type whatever you want in there, then they start to get messy, right? And you aren't doing this in a systematic way. So you really want it clear for your cleaners as well, right? So these should be, you know, just as you get more information or as you get more client preferences and what needs to be done in that home, then just add those notes onto the file there. Most of our notes don't have any unique notes, and for the people that are flexible, for instance, we'll say, hey, this client's flexible, we can do him any day of the week, we do his home every week, so we can move him just on a need-be basis.

If somebody is very strict and that needs to be on that day, that time, then you can put that as a unique note. That's something we do. I can click some other notes here and see what are some things that we've written down that have helped us.

Preferred cleaners, a lot of being, okay, so we use her cleaning supplies. Those cleaning supplies are in the laundry room. She will leave cash on the counter.

She likes a special attention to a certain mop, using her mop on the master bedroom and on the toilets. Just pull up someone else here. Some of these, they just don't even have notes because it's just a normal, typical clean, nothing on it.

Okay, so exclusions on this one, we're excluding the bedrooms. Unique notes, we have the gate code here. Okay, just pulling up some other ones just to see, hey, what are some things? Okay, one unique notes, clean only the one bedroom downstairs and the common areas.

So, there's that. Yeah, I mean, we do that to make it easy on us, make it easier for recurring cleanings, make it easier for the cleaners, and overall, we want the client to be happy. So, make sure you're keeping organized job notes.

That's what we found. It's using a preferred cleaner, clean exclusions, so what we're not doing, and then unique notes just on booking itself, and you can do arrival notes as well.