Okay, so I'm gonna talk about 1099 versus W-2, having a subcontractor versus having an employee. Quick disclaimer, I'm not a lawyer or CPA, I'm just sharing how we think about it operationally. The labor model that you choose is pretty foundational, so if you pick wrong, then you're gonna get screwed, and if you mess up on compliance, you're also gonna get in trouble if an audit ever happens.

So essentially, a W-2 employee means that you are controlling their schedule, their process, their training, the standards, you are handling their payroll tax, there's more things you have to make sure you're compliant in and then 1099, a subcontractor, they are running their own business. So they set their own terms and you are paying them for an outcome, and so you have a lot less control. The thing with picking a contractor, like Alex, it doesn't sound good, I have less control, but when you're picking a contractor, a subcontractor, because they're running their own business, because they have more experience, you're not having to train someone, and you're not allowed to train someone because they already know what they're doing versus W-2, you can just take someone off the street and train them, which you don't want.

It's not what we do. So in home services, the problem is that it's not just in cleaning, but other areas. Most owners, they want the advantages of a contractor, but then they operate, they treat those contractors like employees, which is where you get in trouble and those kind of things.

So they want the subcontractor to wear their uniform and follow this and do this and manage their schedule when it's fixed. You can't do that. So the pros of 1099 are that, and why we chose it, is that it's way easier to start and it's easier to scale capacity when you're starting out, right? You don't have a payroll system, you don't have, bookkeeping is so much easier, tax things are so much easier, you don't, insurance and those kind of things, you're not liable for that.

You're paying per job, right? You're paying a percentage of a job, you're not paying them hourly. So if they take eight hours at a job, that should have been a six-hour job. They can't, you're not paying them hourly, so they can't just stretch it out and abuse that, right? So that's why we pay per job.

It's a big reason to do that. And also, if they're not doing well, like they're not a good fit, then you can bring them on and you can get them off just as quickly, right? You can just stop assigning them jobs. So the cons of a 1099 is that you are going to have trouble over enforcing quality if someone isn't good because you can't train them, right? You can tell them the outcomes that need to happen and give them a checklist of outcomes, but you can't enforce exactly how they do that.

And so if someone isn't already knowledgeable, then that's a problem. So hence, you just need to find good cleaners, right? The other thing too is that if you already have a contractor that's established and has other cleans, then they might prioritize their other clients. So it's something to think about, whereas an employee is just gonna have you on it.

But when I say something to think about, like I honestly don't think, I'm just kind of informing you, but I really would not choose the W-2 path personally. It's why we chose 1099. So you can't inform them to, you can't enforce them to wear a uniform, to use a certain script, all those kinds of things.

If a contractor is having a bad day, then that's your, ends up being a bad review for you. But it's kind of the same with employees. So if you control them too much, this is the big one that you need to be aware of.

If you try to control them too much and you're not treating them like they're, if you treat them like they're employed, you're gonna have troubles, because you're misclassifying them and the government is not gonna be happy about that. So yeah, when you are doing W-2, the good thing is that you can train, you can audit, you can coach, you can standardize, you can enforce exactly what you want because they're your employee, right? You have control over their scheduling, where they go, their routing, you have better consistency, theoretically, if you have a good employee, right? You got more stable hours, you can build team culture, they're wearing uniforms. All those things are great about W-2, but once again, you have the cons, which is you have to, I mean, someone's looking at you for full-time income because they're your employee.

You got admin costs, you got payroll taxes, onboarding pay, where you got workers comp, like all those kinds of things, insurance. You have more responsibility, right? Because if they're not performing, it's basically your fault because you haven't made them good enough and trained them good enough. Whereas if a contractor is not performing, that contractor, you need to give them guardrails, but if they're not performing, it's really on them.

And so you can just stop assigning them jobs, find a better cleaner, right? So, and then if things get slow, for instance, January, February, when things are hurting, you're gonna hurt because you overhired, right? And they're looking to you to still pay them. So yeah, like I said, I would recommend 1099. In the longterm, I mean, I know people at 80K a month, 100K a month that are 1099, all 1099, right? But when you get to a certain point, it feels like W2 just makes more sense to have like a core team of W2 and then to fill that in with a bunch of 1099, then that's what we're planning to do if we get to 100K a month before selling because you're also just selling your business.

But if we grow that big, then likely we'll have a combination, like a hybrid model, but most of you guys watching this, it's not the situation you're in, so don't worry about it. So yeah, choose one model, 1099 is what I would recommend and use the SOPs and things we have for that. So that way you are able to get your business going and scale it easily with 1099 instead of having to deal with the headaches of W2.

Just make sure that you're compliant in the things that you're doing. So, all righty.