Okay, some red flags to avoid with cleaners. This is kind of like a immediate, I don't think this is going to be good. One of them being when a cleaner in an interview doesn't feel like they're going to be a good fit, I just wouldn't move forward with them.

So red flag could look like them being late, them rescheduling once is kind of okay, second time is like, yeah, this isn't a good fit. Make sure that their English is good. Make sure that they have past house cleaning experience.

We don't want people that have janitorial experience or office experience. Cleaning a home is very different than cleaning all of those, so we want to make sure that they've cleaned home. If someone says, well, I've got experience because I've cleaned around my own house, like, no, that doesn't count.

So another thing that's a red flag with cleaners is when you're a week in to doing things with them and they're already problematic, chances are it's not going to get better. That's just the reality of it. So if you're already experiencing the troubles with them being past interview and being onboarded and working with you, we use a three-strike system, we'll go into that later, but it's better to just move on from a cleaner that is causing you issues, they're rescheduling, they're doing same day or just a day or two before, saying, I can't make it, sorry, even though they committed to that before.

I've seen businesses struggle to just get off the ground and the reason why is because they're trying to stick with a cleaner emotionally that doesn't make sense business-wise. So in business, sometimes you just got to separate the emotions from your hiring decisions and firing decisions and make a good business call. So I guess honestly the biggest red flag would be if you know that it's not best for the business to be using this cleaner or relying on this cleaner, but emotionally you're finding it tough to make that business decision, red flag.

Your emotions shouldn't be what's running the business, it needs to be logical, numbers-based decisions. Of course, emotions come into it and we want to consider people and treat people well, but in the end, business is business.