So we're just going to cover some of the things that we've learned of working with 1099 cleaners and the things that you can not do. By doing these you are outside of compliance for working with a true 1099 contractor and you're stepping into employee territory and so you need to be careful with that. One thing is that you can't control their schedule.

This is a big one. You can't require that they work specific days or hours every week. You can't force them to take the assigned jobs or punish them for not taking those assigned jobs.

You can't have them on call. You need to be available if something pops up, yada yada. You can't control their schedule.

You can do that with an employee, you can't do that with 1099. That's never really been an issue for us but you just have to make sure that when you're communicating with them you're doing things the right legal way. Finally, you can't control, this is another one that can get you in trouble, you can't control how they do the work.

What I mean by that is that you can't control the means and methods of a step-by-step procedure the same way that you do it or that you'd prefer it be done. So this would be with your SOPs and such, like for instance you can say the outcome of what the shower needs to look like, which is the shower glass needs to be clean, just give them a checklist of what needs to happen in a bathroom. But you can't say you need to use a powder thing.

You can't say you need to use a specific tool or a specific product. So what we do to kind of not get around this but to try to make there be coherence in our company's presentation to clients in general is that we give recommendations and we give guidelines of what are our preferences but we don't give what needs to happen, right? You basically just can't micromanage their exact techniques of what they're doing. You can't require an employee type appearance and branding.

So you can't require them to wear your uniform or shirt to work. You can't require them to use your, they drive a branded vehicle or put like a magnet on the side of their car. You can't require any of those things, specifically uniform.

You can't require them to use your tools and supplies. So they have to provide all their supplies and equipment and that's the way that needs to go. So if you have specific commercial things and there's things like on the job site, it's a different story but you can't control what they're purchasing, their tools and their exact products working with you.

If you're doing eco-friendly stuff and green type products, natural products, that's a different thing because you're giving clients a specific service that's saying this service is green, it's an eco-service. So in which case then the contractor needs to follow that guideline in order to take up the job but that's a different thing. You can't coach them or train them really.

I'd say you can recommend things for their improvement, for their personal development but you can't train them or create anything that's mandatory in what you're doing that determines their process. So you can't, they're $10.99 so you can't ban them from working for other cleaning companies or other clients like they're telling them that they need permission to work for someone else. They're their own company, they can work with other people and you can't pay them like an employee too.

So payment wise, you can't pay hourly like a regular, we pay this much per hour and you're not reimbursing things, that's not, that's an employee thing. So the other thing too is disciplining them and write-ups and that kind of thing, that's a completely internal thing that you're aware of when working with a $10.99 contractor, not something for them to, hey you have one strike, it's a totally different thing. So yeah, I mean you're able to, the things that you can do or what I mentioned before is you're treating them like a vendor, like a contractor so you can define the scope of work, the outcome that's needed, the price for them to take the job, the deadline, quality expectations and use like auditing and inspections based on an outcome like the actual end product not the how that they do it.

So that is up to them. So that's what it looks like for things that you can't do with a $10.99 greener.