So these are the documents that we give our cleaners and get them to sign. Now if you're using our CRM, Harvest CRM, then you can actually send documents inside of there and they can sign. It's very easy.

I would highly recommend it because DocuSign and those, you can spend upwards of $50 a month and with the CRM it's included. You need a CRM anyway, so might as well use that. So the reason why it's important is because it's going to protect you.

It's going to protect your clients. It's going to protect your cleaners by having good documents. So it also prevents misunderstandings when you make your documents clear and have kind of like a bit of a welcome packet.

So we give every cleaner a packet with expectations, policies, how pay works, safety, all those sort of things. Some of them are like sign to acknowledge this. Some of them are like reference guides.

So we have like our cleaner handbook that we give them, which has home expectations, what's included and not included in the scope of work, reclaimed policies, communication, just all those kind of things. SOPs, cleaning checklists, like I said, how pay is done. We also have a confidentiality and client privacy agreement.

So we're making sure that there's no them sharing client info. They're not posting the client's houses or anything like that. They aren't able to reach out to the client or do that sort of thing.

So we have that also in terms of service with clients that if they try to solicit services straight to our cleaners, our cleaners solicit services to them. There's a really, really hefty fee for that just to prevent anything from going down. Now, granted, if that were to ever happen, you had a bad cleaner, they stole a client and you got rid of them because you found out it was happening.

Sure, you could go to court if you have that in your documents. But really, you're going to go to court for that. So make sure that's part of test cleans as we'll often have a test clean of a client that we actually know when it's like their solo test clean to ensure none of that's happening.

So I've heard stories there. We never dealt with it. But things like what to do if something breaks, like recommendations for supplies, those kind of things, how to get on Discord, communication, how to upload photos, how to use our booking, all of our scheduling software, an independent contractor agreement.

So just ten ninety nine actual what they're signing. We need a W nine from them. We need proof of insurance.

That's what we do there. So we also do a background check. So getting consent for that and that sort of thing.

So like I said, the non solicitation and client poaching stuff. So those are all things that we said specifically should be in the premium resources, we share like a lot of those things. So that is what we send to our cleaners.