Okay, so what if you get to a home and the clean is worse than you expected it to be? This is, you know, a worry and it typically happens when you're dealing with lower income clients, when you're dealing with people, you know, because they were just dishonest about the clean or you yourself didn't ask the important questions when you first booked someone. This is why we ask people on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the dirtiest, where do you think your home fits on that scale? And they'll say, oh, my home's only a 2. And it's like, okay, what makes your home a 2? And they'll say, well, because I keep it really clean, there's no clutter and I'm kind of a neat freak and yada yada, and we're going to price that clean lower than if someone says my home is like, oh, it's like a 7. It's like, okay, wow, what makes it a 7? We're not doing a standard clean for 7, mind you, that means we need a deep clean, but what makes it a 7? And they're like, well, I, you know, the kids run around the house, there's mud, there's the dog peed and yada yada, so someone's 7 is different than another person's 7. So when someone says 7, we don't go, okay, it's a 7. We go, what makes it a 7? We've walked into homes that someone said was a 4 or a 5, and it was absolutely horrible. And then we've walked into homes that were, they said it was a 4 or a 5, and it was like such an easy clean, because what 4 or 5 means from one person is different than another.

So that's why you want to make sure you double down, ask and qualify what the dirtiness level actually means to them, right? So if you do get to a home though, and that home is dirtier than expected, then don't start cleaning. The first thing that happens when a cleaner gets to a home is to go through a walkthrough with the homeowner and go and look at everything, and the cleaner will be experienced and go, this is what's not, this is what is included, and this is what is not included in this clean, because that initial walkthrough is extremely important. If you go through a, if you start cleaning a home and you're an hour in, and then you're like, wow, this is a lot more than I expected, and then you're like, oh, maybe I should check the other rooms, and they check the other rooms, and they're all really bad too, now you've got a problem, because now you've started the clean, the client thinks it's going to all get done nice and dandy, but you're going to take longer than you expected, you might be late to your next job, you know, there's all these issues that you'll run into.

So that's why it's extremely important to do that initial walkthrough, and then we have our cleaners, you know, if there's a little thing here or there, like look, do the little extra thing, you know, client's probably going to tip you, but if it's kind of like a bigger thing, it's going to take more than 15 minutes, 20 minutes extra, then at that point, we tell the cleaner to reach out to us, and then we will call the client and talk to the client, because sometimes we have a clean right after them, you know, we can't even stay here to do longer, which is why we schedule them within what we expected for the dirtiness level of that home. So anyways, point being, you have the cleaner do the walkthrough in the beginning, this is extremely important, and they're the ones, you know, they're the ones taking on the job, so if they're halfway through the cleaner, like, man, this is dirtier than I expected, you should have said that before, because the price is the price. If you had said that before, then we can, you know, work with the client and say either we're going to stay within this amount of time frame, or we need to increase the price, so that way we can make sure you get the outcome that you're looking for, and meet your expectations of a clean home.

So that's what to do there.