Okay, so I can't tell you exactly what to include in your cleans and what to exclude from your cleans, but I can tell you some of the things that we have excluded specifically are, just because we've run into so many issues, is the inside of window tracks. So we will not open up a window and clean the inside of that track because it's just, there's just so much more, you know, issues that you can run into there and it can be really bad. Okay, so that's one.

Another one we don't do at all is wall washing, okay? This is often a question for move out cleans and we have it in our policies, we will not do wall washing. The reason we don't do wall washing is because oftentimes a client will see a mark on the wall and say, oh, you didn't clean it well, when really it's literally just like the paint has come off or there's new paint on the wall from something they scratched or whatever. So you don't want to be held responsible for that.

You don't want to be, you just want it really clear we don't do wall washing. Something else we don't do is like we don't include organizing, right? We make it really clear that if there's a bunch of clutter on the floor, then, you know, we're not, okay, and it impedes our work and it increases the time that it takes for us to clean, then we will either go around it or we will charge extra for it. So if we get to home, there's a bunch of stuff everywhere, then the client, you know, we'll call the client and say, hey, like, we're either going to go around it or, you know, it's going to take more time in order to do this.

So we would need to increase the amount. So we take care of this with our pre-clean email. We send expectation email to every single client before they book with us.

And one of the things there is before the clean, do these things, right? And one of them is make sure you're picking things up because if you don't, it takes more time. We will charge for that time. So other things we don't do, I mean, we don't ever get on a ladder beyond like a two or three step ladder.

We don't do outside window washing. We don't do any heavy furniture moving. We won't get under the furniture or like just move furniture unless a client specifically moves it or that's talked about ahead of time.

So those are some of the main things we've run into that people ask that we don't do. We also don't do back porch or front porch stuff or any of that because, you know, getting that stuff, I mean, it's just unneeded work, you know, it's unnecessary. So you want to find that balance between we're doing a lot, but we're not doing more than we need to for the business and just making sure that expectations are set with your clients.

We're going to talk about expectations or we talked about it in the leads fundamentals course, but we want to make sure that we have always have proper expectations with the client because clients, like people are only upset when their expectations are not met, right? So you just got to set the expectation and then you want to go above and beyond that expectation. So for an example of what I mean for expectations, if you drive an hour to go somewhere, that doesn't make you upset or make you happy. What makes you upset or makes you happy is if you expected the drive to be 20 minutes and it took an hour, now you're upset, right? You ran into traffic, whatever it is, but you expected 20 minutes and it took you an hour to get there, right? Nobody likes that.

But let's reverse it. If you expected to take two hours to get somewhere and you get there in an hour, now you're happy, right? So the problem wasn't the hour-long drive. The problem was the expectation that was set.

So if you want to set an expectation that you're going to meet and surpass that expectation, so that's why it's really clear when you're getting on the phone with people and you're booking them that you're setting expectations early, that email is setting expectations, so that way everyone's on the same page and you don't run into a situation where it's like, you didn't move it. I thought you're going to wash the walls and get inside the window tracks and deconstruct all of my chandeliers and my refrigerator to clean it inside out. It's like, you know, there's a lot of people out there like that, but you want to root them out and you want to set expectations very clearly with clients before you book them and before you get into the home and even when you're in the home.

So if you run into issues after a clean, then it's often, once again, their expectations haven't been met. So is it that they had unrealistic expectations or they weren't on the same page or is it that you guys, you know, your cleaners actually didn't meet the expectation that you set, right? So, I mean, a trick that we use with this is like the first time we're in someone's home, like, you know, we're getting to know your home. So when someone calls after a first clean and there is like, hey, like they missed this and missed this.

It's like, oh yeah, that's totally normal. It's totally normal. Well, it's his first time when you're home.

So we do, you know, I've done hundreds of homes and everyone's different. So on the next clean, what notes can I make to make sure that we're doing those things right? You know, so just the expectation is longer. We get it right and perfect.

The first time the expectation is that it's corrected for the next time, right? So just a bit on expectations there.