All right, so when do you fire a client? I can't give you an exact thing to adhere to because it's different per person. And there are things that you're going to do when you're starting your business or when you're smaller that you're not going to do once you're bigger. So I mean, very simply, you fire a client when you when it doesn't make sense.

OK, here are the things that we consider to determine if it makes sense. Am I putting a spot on the schedule for someone to keep this client that I would make more money and my life would be easier? I'd spend less time if I had a different client there. So, for instance, we had a client that was like every two weeks and it was like an 80 or 90 dollar.

Like we went in for an hour, hour and a half, hit the bathrooms, hit the floor and we were out of there. But it threw it was the timing was difficult because it always had to be like 1 p.m. or something 2 p.m. And it was keeping us from having a bigger job during that time. And the lady was a bit of a pain.

There was always a conversation with her. And then it was also a, you know, the pay wasn't much. And then the drive for our cleaners is a little bit further.

So we're just like, look, it's not worth it for us to do this. It would only be worth it if we were charging X amount. Well, then you give the client that option like, hey, sorry, like we're not able to with our route and our paths and the distance and yada yada.

It only would make sense for us to continue this cleaning. If it was $150 of cleaning or whatever amount, I totally understand that this might be a frustration for you. But it just we can't do it for the amount that we were doing it before.

And you leave it up to them. Like, I'm sorry, you know, I apologize. I wish you the best and I hope you find a great cleaner that works out for you, you know.

So, I mean, you're going to know off the bat. Like, if someone's just like, you need to fire them, right? You need to fire the client. But those iffy situations like, she's a pain.

And like, do I keep her? And it's a far drive. Like, you just need to determine what it's costing you by keeping them. And if it'd be better to bring someone else on, right? We had another situation.

We had a weekly clean. And she was like in the morning on Wednesdays. And she, it was like a two hour clean.

It was right when we started the business. It was $100 a clean. And she just always was like late on payment because we were taking Zelle at the time.

She was, she rescheduled. She rescheduled sometimes or say, hey, I want to skip next week. So it was just a difficult thing.

And the cleaner didn't like doing it. So we're like, look, like this doesn't make sense to do unless we increase the price. And I'm happy to like, at that point, like you really have to consider I would only do it at this price.

That's what makes sense. And if it's not this price, then I'm not going to do it. And I'm not going to do it because it's making me lose money actually and making me lose my time and my cleaner schedule.

So you kind of have to weigh out the pros and cons and just determine when it makes sense for you, right? I can't give you a strict, you know, here's when it makes sense or doesn't make sense. You have to evaluate what you're losing and what you're gaining by keeping that client versus firing that client.