Okay, basic systems, starting versus scaling. The things that we use at scale are not necessarily things that you need to use when you're starting, right? So I've talked to a couple solo cleaners and those that are, for instance, not getting new leads at all at the moment. Cool, you probably don't need a CRM.

Probably don't need Zapier. If you've gotten all your clients because of word of mouth, you probably don't even need a website for where you are right now. Because you're starting or wherever you're at now, if you want to scale, there are different things that are gonna come into play.

If you were going to start getting leads coming in, then you need a place to handle those leads. If they're coming in from multiple places, then you need some way to be able to connect all those places to one place. If you have 10 different cleaners, you should probably use a platform like Discord to be able to manage those cleaners, right? If you have projects that need to be done and you need a project management system, then you probably need to use Notion, right? If you're tracking finances, I wanna make sure you're doing things right, legally for tax season, I wish you'd use Wave or QuickBooks, right? So what you should do when you're trying to grow is going to look very different than when you're just trying to get yourself off the ground, right? And when you're trying to get yourself off the ground, it might just look like booking quality.

It might just look like a scheduling system and a payment processor. Might be your only software costs and insurance, right? Might be your only other overhead. So don't feel like you need to go and buy a bunch of stuff in order to be successful, you don't.

I'm talking to a guy who's almost double our size and he runs his business off of Google Voice and Spreadsheets and just started using booking quality. He was using Google Calendar before for a scheduling platform. So just be aware that there's a lot of people out there that will try to push things and sell you things that you do not actually need.