Should I, I don't like the word should, but what are my thoughts on hiring a VA for weekends and after hours, right? Like after 5 p.m., after 6 p.m., even after 7 p.m. I, once again, consider the pros and the cons. I consider what does it cost and what is my return? We absolutely made more money by having our VA work longer hours or hiring a second VA to take those calls that come in after 5 p.m., 6 p.m., when our main VA is off, okay? Let me just give you a quick like rundown. I wonder if I can just do this on the board behind me.

I don't have the mic that I could do. Let me see here if there's another way that I can show this. I think I can just get like a whiteboard up here.

Web whiteboard or whiteboard, cool. Let's do this. I'm gonna share my screen.

Boom, all right. I know you're not gonna be able to see my face, but that's okay. You'll be just fine.

Okay, let's see here. Let's say that in the after hours, like we just consider this, in the after hours, we even once a week, just one, just one person a week that we end up closing that calls in at 7 p.m. late or after work and we end up closing them. The cost here of having the VA is let's say we have our VA at $6 an hour and they're working from, let's say 6 p.m. until 9 p.m. $5 an hour, that is $15 a day.

Monday through Friday, so just times five, that's $75. Monday through Friday. And like I said, so let's just say that just one, one booked, one more booked a week.

Our average booking is, I wanna say it is, I can actually pull it up here for you guys and show you how you can look at that and booking call as well, actually. Come on now. That booking, so I've got like here to here, five, down here, I can see revenue per booking on average is 234.

Now mind you, the one times and usually the first ones are much higher, but most of our revenue is from recurring. So I'm just gonna say 234. All right, so.

One more job booked at 234. Move this around here, okay. That gives us 234.

And then from that 234, right, half of it goes to labor. So it's actually like 117, right? Tax and all those things. So we're making more money than we're spending, not to mention what's the percent of people that end up being recurring.

This isn't just a one time clean that we do for them, one time purchase, right? If it was one time, right, what's our average one time we ran through that, it's actually 329. But you can see here that I go $75 to make much more than $75. Right? So just seeing the cost and seeing the return, same thing on the weekends, I can show you actually, we have tons of people that come in.

Let me just share this window here. Maybe I can't show Discord. Oh, here it is.

Okay. That leads bookings, right? That weekends, I'm pretty sure this is weekend. We've had multiple weekends where I look at the calendar and 15th and 14th are a weekend.

So 14th, here's two people that came in through weekend. Weekend before that was 7th and 8th. So here's three people that came in by calling us on the weekend, right? Having someone take these calls is important because otherwise they would have called someone else, especially if it was urgent, right? Even if you have a text automation such like if someone needs a book, those are your best clients are the ones that want to get it over with, get it done with, book, pay full price, make sure it's done right.

Okay? So we had like a crazy weekend. Kind of wanted to show you guys. February 28th and 1st.

Okay, so this is a 27th. That was a Friday. 28th, here's two, three on the 28th, right? So yeah, is it worth it for weekends? Yes, in my opinion.

And I think if you ran the numbers, you would too. Unless you have better data than me and you run the numbers, trust my numbers, okay? As far as how to pay someone for weekends, what we do is we pay like, I think it's like 20 or $25 a day on Saturday and Sunday because they aren't actually on the clock the whole entire time. They're not sitting there in front of the computer working for those eight hours.

They are very specifically, I think Elijah's about to walk in. No, it's not Elijah. They are just there to pick up calls.

We tell them it's very clear. You're just here to pick up calls when people dial in to respond to texts if someone's trying to book and to any urgent cleaning changes, client things, just anything urgent. That's like, this needs to be responded to.

You don't need to go do a bunch of tasks. You don't need to go and do a bunch of tracking, recording. You can just be out and about, but you need to be able to answer your phone and pick up when someone calls and be able to respond on your phone, right? Because they have the Harvest CRM app on their phone.

So that's what we do there. So yeah, I said 20 or $25, something like that. So that's what we do there.

Highly recommend. I don't just recommend. I think you are losing money if you do not have someone doing that.

So thoughts on after hours and weekends.