Okay, so something to note here about SOPs is that you do not want them to be super long to the point of them not being useful. I'm moving this desk here. If they are super long, they will not be something that someone actually puts into practice on a day to day basis.

They will not be a actual let me follow this. It will just be this long document of how to do this whole entire way over explanation, detail oriented. Like, it can be really easy to go the wrong way with SOPs.

So let me give you an example of a bad SOP. If I'm telling someone how to handle a reclaim, I'm not going to have them. I'm not going to say.

So what you're going to do is you're going to go to BookingQuala to go to BookingQuala and put in BookingQuala.com. Here's the username. Here's the password. Then you're going to press the schedule or calendar part.

Then you're going to go to the week part. Make sure this is correct. Make sure you're connected to the Internet.

And then also make sure that, like, we don't need to be super overly explaining it. The way to understand whether or not this is useful and good is when you give it to someone else to read or give it to chat to read and give feedback on, can they do it with everything that's here? Can they do it correctly? And if they can't, then add in the part that they need to in order to do it correctly. But it's this combination of how can I make this as useful as I can while cutting as much fluff as I can? Are there things in here which are just more words on the page than what's actually necessary? Right.

So if I'm telling you, hey, guys, here's how to here's how to get more reviews. And I hand you a 50 page document on how to get more reviews. It's a bit big.

It's a bit much, right? Like your VA is going to feel that you are going to feel that not necessarily you because you're made of SOP because you already know how to do it. But if you hand it off to a VA, which is what you want to do with your SOPs, it's going to feel like a lot. 50 pages just to be able to get reviews versus if I made a step one, step two, step three with some additional notes at the bottom to be aware of, like, don't call up recently upset customer and ask them for a review and send them a link.

That's my additional notes, right? Like, just make it as useful as you can and as short as you can. The shorter the SOP and without the fluff, the more likely it is to actually be used by your VA. So our SOPs just meant to be memorized and then used once memorized.

Yes and no. There are going to be some situations where, like, every day, like, I need to go through this checklist. I do this, do this, do this, do this, do this, do this, this.

And even though you do it every single day, you want to make sure that you actually go down the list and follow that. Whereas other situations, once you know how to add a provider to book a call, you'll need to follow the SOP. Every time, if you just know how it's done, there's no special nuances that you need to follow.

Like, oh, remember that one little thing that could break everything. But if there's a situation like that, then there needs to be kind of a note on the SOP of, like, this has to be exactly this way, this exact capitalization, this exact whatever. So it's very clear.

that's that's that note on keeping SOPs short and useful. Do not make them this really long thing. OK.