All righty, for systems, how much should I be paying for systems? It's kind of a hard. There's not like a hard, fast rule. It's kind of a hard question.

I'll give a bit of a context to a situation that we're in with the real estate marketing business. Someone's pitching us something that's going to be about $500 a month. And looking at our real estate marketing agency, someone pays $1,600 a month for us to do their marketing things.

If you're considering having us do some marketing stuff for your cleaning business, that stuff is much cheaper. But for this real estate wholesaling marketing agency, $1,600 a month. And someone stays with us for at least three months, likely longer.

So at least $4,800 comes in. Our costs are very minimal. We're about like out of that $4,800 at least that comes in.

We're pocketing about $3,300 at least. If they stay longer, of course, make more money. So considering whether or not I should get the system, buy the system, use the system, if it got me, if I'm paying $500 a month, if it got me even one more deal where I make that $4,800, which the profits actually I said $3,300, then it's worth it.

I'm paying $500 to make $3,300. Now, how do I know if I should keep the system or let go of the system? Well, if I pay for the system and I go six months, so I've spent $3,000, let's say seven months, I've spent $3,500 and I haven't gotten any more revenue or sales as a result. I've paid $3,500 and I didn't make, you know, at least that.

Then that system isn't working. It's not driving revenue. Now, revenue isn't the only thing that you look for.

When you're considering your costs, like cost benefit analysis. Is that the right word? I feel like that's probably the right word. I say pros and cons and return and cost.

Yeah, cost benefit analysis. Perhaps in the cost benefit analysis that it's not just money that I'm considering money, like how much money am I paying versus how much money am I making from this? Perhaps part of the benefit is that my time is open. So, for instance, like I mentioned with the VA, the cost benefit analysis that we take into consideration is, yes, we're going to pay $2,000 a month to this VA.

But the benefit is one that we're going to make more money because she's going to pick up the calls in the after hours, the weekends and such. But also the benefit is that we are not having to work those hours where we are freed up in order to do the other things with the other businesses and where we make more money there. And some of the benefit may be that I don't have to take care of these parts of the business that I don't want to take care of.

So maybe part of the benefit is morale and how much you enjoy the business and not getting burnt out. Right. So that's like when you're determining how much to spend on systems, you're looking at what's the benefit of the systems, what's the cost of the systems and do the analysis and say, is it worth it? Right.

So you can be paying $5,000 for systems. I don't know how you would be doing that in the cleaning business, but if it makes more than $5,000, it's worth more than $5,000 to you. Then it's a good thing.

Like the benefit is more than the cost if it's talking about a $50 thing. Well, is it more than the cost of that $50 thing? That's up to you. I have no idea what your situation looks like.

Those are my thoughts on that.