So how do I create simple, scalable systems? I'm going to approach this from kind of more of an idea, philosophical, not really philosophical, but you can only really focus on one thing at a time. So don't try to do everything at once. Automate your whole business and make it all AI run, right? We want to pick one area and go, how can I turn this into a simple process that someone else could do or some other software could do for me instead of me doing it? Just this one aspect, right? So for instance, how can I make it so that my VA could make sure that cleanings are going well? Just one part.

How do I take care of that one part? And so you think of everything that you've done in that one. How do I make sure clients are taken well care of? Well, you know, if they're upset, then I offer a reclean. If I can't do a reclean, then I'm doing a refund and this, this and that.

And like, okay, so these are like four or five different unique situations. Let me just write down what I do in those situations. And then, okay, well, I use this texting platform and I use this.

I've looked at the schedule to see when we should have a reclean happen. Okay. So they're going to need access to my scheduling platform, my messaging platform.

Um, they need to make sure they talk to cleaners when a client is upset first and talk to cleaners, understand what's going on. Ask the client for pictures. All right.

Now I understand this one area, everything it takes to run this one area. Okay. I've put it into processes.

I've created SOPs. I have written it out to where someone can come in and I can have them sit here and tell them, take care of this one little area, making sure clients are happy. And if they aren't being able to take care of them, that one area, maybe that's a great area for you to start creating SOPs and getting prepared for a VA.

But once you do that one area, then you go, well, what if I don't just have them take care of customers? What if I also have them take care of the people that call in? What if I have them also take care of all cleaner communications? What if I also have them go and look for new cleaners? Right? You just take that one little area and then you expand on it by going and taking another area and printing SOPs and then turning it into a responsibility for someone to manage, right? And make sure that you're checking, um, that it's going well. So creating simple scalable systems is do one thing at a time. Don't make it too overwhelming, right? And make sure that the system itself is not so reliant on you.

I know this is a bit unique to some of you who are doing this for the first time, but if the system isn't going to run, if you take a week off or a month off, it's probably not a good enough system. It's going to break. Definitely.

If it's not going to perform as well, it's like, okay, that's fine. But like, if it's going to break, if you're not there, that's a serious problem.