Okay, so how do you pick the right VA? I'm gonna speak from both sides of considering a VA and bringing them on. And once a VA is on, what you should be looking for, actually, that's gonna be a video after this, is once a VA is on, considering their performance and when they're doing good versus when they're doing bad, and maybe you should let them go. Right now, I'm just gonna talk about how to pick a VA.

Everyone can look a certain way on paper, but they don't pan out. So don't just look at a resume, don't listen to past experiences. Can you do the job? Can you do the job well? The only way that you know that is by doing a bit of a test run.

So we always do a test run with our VAs, go, hey, we're gonna do a week or two weeks, see if you fit, see if this just makes sense for us and you, your performance. We just brought someone on that was with us for about a week and a half, and then there was some things he was dropping the ball on, and this one kind of was a bit dodgy on what he says he's doing versus what we're seeing that he's doing. And he said he was experiencing yada yada, and it didn't seem like he was experiencing yada yada, and then it turned into a definite, like, hey, this isn't gonna work.

When he called someone, 12 seconds into the call, that person hangs up, and then he sent a text saying, you didn't have to hang up on me, you could have just said you weren't interested and you didn't have to be a jerk or something like that. That's a ridiculous text to send to someone. That doesn't reflect our company values, and we let him go immediately.

So that's why we have that test period. I don't wanna promise the world because I don't know how you're really gonna pan out. It sounded like he was really confident, bold, and would be good on the phones, but just can't be having that happen, right? Had a bit of an ego, too.

So there's that test period, right, when you think a VA is gonna work out. There's also, like, me on paper, for example. Like, I'm a high school dropout.

I've got tattoos, we've got a hand tattoo. I didn't go to college, didn't even finish high school. On paper, someone looks at me and goes, yeah, definitely not, versus here's this person with a fancy marketing degree, and they have this honors thing, and they contribute and volunteer, so they seem like a good person.

But there's a reason why I'm able to go and work at and consult for different people and help others is because on paper, I don't look as good with the accolades and, I don't know, a degree, but looking at my actual experience and my track record and what I've been able to do, and really what sells people, I think, is when I actually talk to them and I'm able to give value, you guys don't care whether or not I finished high school, whether or not I have a marketing degree, whether or not I have a sales degree, if I'm able to just give you value and produce results and show that I've been able to produce results, right? So, and that it works, so the things I'm saying work, right? I really don't care if someone has 20 years in the industry experience and what they're doing just doesn't work, and I'm not feeling like it's actually helping us, right? So, same thing with a VA, I don't really care, like if you've worked 15, 20, 30 years in this industry, do you have a good close rate? Are you on top of the ball? You have good speed to lead? Are you following up with people like you should be? Are you keeping track of the things we're telling you to keep track of and putting them in the sheets? Are you communicating well with cleaners? I don't care if this is your first job, I don't care if this is your 50th job. If it's your 50th job, that's kind of a red flag, but that is really important. So, what that looks like practically is that we made that mistake on the first VA, really looked good on the resume, like this is great, really kind, and then we got in the business, right? Stuff's falling through, we thought maybe we just needed to train him, get him better, and then even with training and such, things were just still not working.

The second VA, first interview, first call, I go, cool, all right, we're just gonna have, sorry, excuse me, we're gonna do a role play right now. She's like, oh, okay, and I'm like, yeah, I'm just gonna see, like, are you a good salesperson? So I'm like, ring, ring, and I'm like, hey, I'm looking for a cleaning, great, and walked through that and she killed it. She did really good, I did like a second and a third one and just wanted to get a feel for her, like what if I give her objections, what if I make it really easy on her, does she quit, does she kind of, okay, I guess we can schedule you later, right? No, she was great.

On the book and call side, I pulled up book and call, I was like, go ahead and show me how you would make a booking and how you would do this and adjust a booking, and those things are all great. I was like, do you know how to use the pipeline or use the call level? Oh, not really, but great, I have a video that can walk you through that, make sure it's done, make sure you're doing that correctly. So that worked out freaking phenomenally because it was a practical test, it was a practical thing, and then even then I'm like, this seems like it's gonna work out, but still the two-week test, and she did great, hence why she's still with us.

So that is what I'm looking for when I'm picking a VA and what I would recommend that you do. We are like, I guess it's more than like a test, like we are actually, I just keep getting blown up. We have done this for Rashaan, we're doing this for Jack, where we're actually training a VA, so that VA is actually working in our business.

Our main VA is basically bringing on a support VA, training them up, using them for two weeks to a month to two months, until one of you guys actually needs a VA and would prefer a VA that's trained, uses our system, uses our SOPs, our processes, Harvest CRM, and then giving you guys that VA. And most VA agencies would just charge you, say, hey, this VA's gonna be eight an hour or 10 an hour or 12 an hour, and then they're just paying the VA like six to $7 an hour, and then they're taking the difference, right? We're not doing that. Another way that VA agencies do it is that they will say, hey, we'll find you a VA, make sure it's good for you, you like them, and then you're gonna pay us $1,500 for giving you a great VA.

We also don't do that, okay? What we do instead is we go, here's a VA, she's been trained or he's been trained, we're doing well, here's a close rate, here's their numbers, they know how to do all these things, they've been vetted, they're gonna have access to our school group, so they're gonna continually get sales training, continue to get better, use our processes, use our philosophies, and you will also get our full SOP list, because, of course, the VAs have been trained on those SOPs, so we're gonna also give you those SOPs, which we used to charge $1,000 for, and then from there, the payment, or what you would pay us to do that, to have a trained VA, to SOPs and all that, is to stay in the school group at a discounted price of $1.97 a month for 12 months. That's the, and of course, you're gonna get all the access, the coaching calls, all those things, it's like, it's good for your business anyways, you're making money anyways, but your VA's gonna get sales training, so even one more sale or two more sales a month, which is gonna be more than that when they have a higher close rate because they're getting trained, the value makes it worth it, right? But we're just kind of, it helps us because I'm like, are they gonna leave the next month, so they're gonna stay? Well, we know that someone's gonna stay for 12 months, they have a VA that's killing it, they're getting all the SOPs as an additional added value, and of course, everything you're getting in the school at a discounted rate, instead of the $2.97 it is right now, it'd be at $1.97. So just so you know, that's a possibility if you wanna look into that or have us do that, you just reach out to us, DM us, and either me or Elijah in the group, and we can talk about that, set up a call, and, but we're always training VAs to do that, so anyways, yeah, just an option for you guys.