Very simply, an SOP is a standard operating procedure. It's just the normal, typical way, the standard way we're going to operate, the standard process. So I feel like this is just best seen by actually looking at an SOP.

So I've dropped our end of day checklist SOP, which literally just looks like a checklist, right? Not even a description of this is what needs to be done at the end of each day. Check mark each of these before you clock out, right? And then the other SOP is how to handle a specific situation and all the nuances to that specific situation whenever you run into it. So SOPs can look very different from SOP to SOP.

We have, I want to say 50 plus SOPs that we use in our own business. These are not chat GBG generated. They are not a ideal possible, well, we should probably do this.

We built these SOPs because we're very, I don't know, system focused and scale focused because we've operated multiple businesses too. And we have SOPs in all of our other businesses and systems in place. These SOPs were what we were actually doing when we were day to day in the cleaning business and realized, okay, I always do this.

This is the way we should handle this. So I'm going to make a document of this is what to do in the future. So we're both on the same page, always following the same process and know what to do.

And then when we hired a VA to come in, that VA was able to just follow all of our processes. Part of hiring the VA and then coming in was being able to recognize when our SOPs weren't as clear as they could be, weren't, didn't have as much instruction as they should in order to be able to deal with different situations that pop up. And in the end, you're constantly improving and making sure your SOPs are on target and doing what they need to be doing, which is make sure the business is operating smoothly and a VA can use those SOPs in order to operate and grow the business, right? SOP is not just for maintenance and making sure things are running well, but for growth and that things continue to run well and they are constantly improving on themselves.

Part of that means having a feedback loop. Feedback loop means when you use this VA or when you use this SOP, when you run a certain process, problems or processes that are difficult and the SOP isn't good enough to solve that problem, then we need to go back and make that SOP better for the future. So sometimes we've literally told our VA when she has asked us, especially when she was first starting, hey, what do I do about this? The SOP isn't clear.

We go, do this. This is why, why is the SOP not clear? Okay, let's improve the SOP based on what I'm telling you from this conversation. And she would go in, change the SOP, make it better.

So, and then we have a master operating manual, which is like how everything connects together. I'll probably shoot another video on that.