Okay, what is a VA? If you know what a VA is, as in you could go and talk to someone on the street or another business owner very clearly about what a VA is, why you should use a VA, how to find a VA, you've read something before at Workweek, this video is probably not gonna be helpful for you. But someone who has only kind of heard of a VA because I've mentioned a couple of times, but don't really, really understand it. A VA is a virtual assistant.

That's what it stands for, okay? So when I say our team, our team manager, or those kinds of things, it's I'm referencing one of our VAs, one of our virtual assistants. A virtual assistant is advantageous to use, big word, I know, advantageous. But it's easier, not easier, advantageous to use because the VA right now, that is our main VA that's operating the business, is doing the job.

So well of everything, she's doing everything. And she has a support VA that comes in for two to three hours, clocks in part-time, and is picking up some of the areas of slack or some of the basic tracking stuff or sheet management or checking with the CRM or calling follow-up leads. The support VA is doing those things.

But the main VA literally runs like literally everything. To have someone to do that here in the States would be goodness. At the level she's doing it, probably like four to six grand at least.

Four to six grand, you're probably getting like a high schooler that just isn't even, or not high school, a college grad that isn't even that good at these things. But she kills it. She does freaking phenomenal.

And I think we pay her like $1,700 a month or something, because she's just a killer. She's great. Now, how is it we can pay $1,700 a month and that breaks down to something like seven-ish an hour to someone to do such good work for so cheap? What's the trick? It sounds too good to be true.

The reality is, actually I'll cover that in the next video. How are VAs so cheap? Yeah. A VA is going to be what helps you go from being a one-man show or you and your spouse or you and your partner to being able to step out of the business or just take some time back.

You can step out entirely, like me and Elijah have, or you can just take a couple steps back and let someone else handle the things you don't necessarily want to handle. Or if you have a nine to five, then you need someone else to take calls because you're not able to. That is what a virtual assistant is for.

It's to be able to do your job. Just because they're cheap, just because they're in a different country does not mean that they're bad. You need to understand that there are people with master's degrees in business or in marketing, whatever it is, that are cheaper and like a third, a fifth, a tenth of the price of someone in the States with the same credentials.

And their level of education, you know, getting a master's isn't like worse. It's good, it's on par. And the thing is that VA's virtual assistants, they know, these countries know that the best way for them to make money is for them to be hired by an American company.

So they do not have the same education system as us, same training. They know how to use sheets. They know how to run numbers.

They know how to do social media marketing, social media management, design, all these things that are kind of bootstrapped entrepreneur kind of skills that you need. Basic website development, all these things are things oftentimes that they learn in their actual school system, depending on where they're from. So we'll talk about why VA's are so cheap and why you should feel good about paying a VA for sometimes even $2 an hour to $10 an hour.