Okay, so what is a CRM? CRM stands for Client Relationship Management. Harvest CRM is the CRM that we have built and use in our own business. It is based off of GoHighLevel.

So if you see people and Facebook groups and stuff mentioning that GoHighLevel is a great CRM, yes, but GoHighLevel comes to you blank, okay? It's like it gives you all the pieces that you need in order to build the car, but it says, go ahead, build the car, whatever kind of car you want, right? Whereas I've used GoHighLevel for four years and we built Harvest CRM as the cleaning GoHighLevel. So it's the car that we built is specifically for cleaning, residential focused, so that you make more money using the CRM, your life isn't chaotic, it's organized, you know what to do when you step into your business in the morning, you know who you should be calling, you know who you should be following up with, you know where everyone is in that process, you know people are getting followed up with a long-term that don't buy from your business or that get one clean and don't get recurring cleans, those people are getting followed up with and taken care of. There's all sorts of integrations and things that it can do as far as reviews, reputation management, it actually does like AI responses and pre-makes a text for you, which our VAs use a lot because sometimes the English isn't perfect, but a CRM, you can use other ones, I genuinely think Harvest CRM is the best one out there because number one, it's ours, so of course we do everything we can to make it amazing because we literally use it in our own business.

The CRM is going to make you more money than you spend on it, right? So like there's other CRMs out there that cost anywhere from, I just saw one that was like $1,000 setup fee and like 200 a month, and another cleaning CRM that was like $2,000 setup fee and like 300 a month, and when we compared ours, actually ours had all the capabilities of the most expensive version and ours is only 197 a month. If you went to go high level directly and you tried to make your own CRM, it's 97 a month, but once again, you're just being handed all the parts and you don't know what to do with it, nobody's gonna help walk you through that process. So ours is 197, you also get the school at a discounted price if you are using our CRM, but everything is built in there, you're gonna make more money than you spend on it.

Even getting one, two extra cleanings a month using it, money wise, like the cost benefit analysis, you're going to make more money, but the real benefit of it is that everything is in one place, you're texting from it, you are able to systemize and have VAs using it, it's all in one place, you have notes on the bookings, it's connected to BookingQuala or ScheduleDrop or whatever scheduling platform you use. So that is what a CRM is, it's going to take care of so many things because a CRM is very comprehensive. If you're looking at like BookingQuala's premium plan for their CRM, it's not even close to what Harvest CRM can do, and many CRMs out there just, when they try to bake it into also being a payment provider, also being this, also being that, they lose the functionality.

It's like going to like a Chinese buffet and like, hey, we have scheduling and we have payment and we have a CRM, we have a phone system and we have this, right? Like everything's mediocre. So I like to say like, don't go to the Chinese buffet, like go to a Steakhouse for Steak, go to a taco stand for tacos, go to the sushi place for sushi, right? So you should have that scheduling platform, I know I talked about it in the system overview, but go to a BookingQuala, ScheduleDrop and one of those for your scheduling, for your cleaners, having job notes and all those things, go to CRM for sales pipeline and all the things there that need to happen in order to get you sales and follow up with all your clients and texting platform and such there. So if you're interested in Harvest Serum, send us a DM, we'll show you, do a walkthrough and show you how we're using it in our business.

And there's about, I wanna say close to 10 other cleaning business owners using it, so yeah.