All right, what does chaos look like in a cleaning business? I have experienced this before. It is wild. You wake up and a cleaner has sent a text.

A client has sent a text saying they need to move a cleaning. The cleaner is asking if they can do the later house in the day a little bit earlier. You have two people that you reached out to yesterday that didn't respond and that you need to make sure you reach out to this morning.

You have a reclaim that you're having to try to fit into the schedule for today, but you're not sure if that client's really going to be happy about what's going on there. And so you might have to deal with that may end up having to issue a refund. And oh, goodness.

All the people from last week that didn't book, did that kind of booking was I waiting on a text from him or was he waiting on a text from me? Right. These are the crazy areas that pop up in business in the cleaning business and can turn into chaos very, very quickly. If you do not have organizational systems that are going to help you determine what needs to be done right now and what needs to be done in the future.

And where do I find all the things to do all the things right? So make sure that your business is not capped. Because of your lack of organization, when you're an entrepreneur and you are a solo builder, especially the business is only as good as the human, because the human is the one that owns, builds and runs the business. So if you are a disorganized person or you're a procrastinating person or you a lazy person or you're bad at sales, all of those are going to show up in your business and your business are going to take on the characteristic of you.

Because it's very reliant on you. Right. Right now, because of the systems, SOPs and such we've made in our business.

Even if I were to go haywire. Just I went to Africa, had some ayahuasca, and now I'm I'm running around town with my underwear on my head and just looking crazy to everyone because I am crazy. And then I get thrown in jail.

Does my business look like chaos? My business does not look like chaos. Why is it that I can be in chaos, but my business is not in chaos because I have created the systems and structure and SOPs, all those things for the business to run without me. But when you have not used and when you're not using SOPs, when you're not using systems, when it's very reliant on you, when you don't have a VA, if you are chaos, your business is chaos.

If you're having a bad day, your business is having a bad day. If you're sick, your business is sick. Right.

So it's very important that you recognize this. So if your business looks like chaos, it's because of you. Pretty simple.

Right. And you could this is kind of a deeper one, but you could say, well, Alex, why just have this cleaner mess up and this client messed up and it's all messed up and the chaos is my business. But like it's not because of me, like that chaos in my business isn't because of me, it's because of you.

The way even then, the way that you are perceiving and just receiving what's going on in the business, you only consider it chaos because you are the one feeling the chaos from it. Inherently, it's just numbers. It's just situations.

It's just circumstances. But you are the one interpreting it and feeling it as chaos because it's reliant on you. Right.

We can have a terrible thing happen, whatever in the business. And it just is what it is. And I'm like, OK, there's, you know, whatever.

It's just business. Right. We need to go and pay $500 to fix that thing because it broke.

Cool. VA takes care of it. Right.

Like, I don't feel like I'm in chaos. I don't feel like I'm going crazy. I don't feel like it's like it's OK.

Right. It's still very dependent on you. Even if like like you can't really just say like, oh, it's just that other thing.

And it's not that super chaos. And I don't even look at, you know, consider the things that are going on in our business chaos. Like they're just it's just not chaos.

It's not the problem comes up. VA hands the solution. If VA can't handle the solution, then we will handle the solution.

And we move forward. Or I'm dealing with a problem today. Like a cleaner or a client isn't happy with the clean.

And cool. Like here's like 10 minutes of my time. We talk to you and fix it.

Cool. Move on. Right.

Someone else could go, oh, my gosh, like this is happening. I can't believe. Right.

That's you. That's someone else. Right.

You know, that doesn't have to be you. You can be calm, cool, collected and is what it is. Move forward.

And this is business. So.