Okay, when should I get a CRM similar to what I talked about with the VA doing a cost-benefit analysis? Okay. What are the pros? What are the cons? Okay, if you would make more money and free up your time by spending $200 to make more than $200, like I said, free up your time, it's worth it, right? If you are not, the only time I would say maybe you don't need a CRM is when you don't have that many leads coming in and you haven't had that many people in the past that have said no to your cleaning service. If you're in a situation similar to, like Nicole, for instance, she is a solo cleaner and she's been cleaning for three years and she just has been making the same amount every month because she's had the same clients for a long time.

She's not getting, she doesn't have marketing on yet. She doesn't have new leads coming in. It's not time for a CRM yet, right? But if you're willing to get things set up, eventually you will have a CRM.

So if you're going to get things set up correctly from the jump and you're looking to invest in marketing and grow right off rip, then that's when it's a good time to get a CRM to prepare for scale. Or if you already have leads coming in, or like I said, if you already had a bunch of people that have said no, you can upload all the contacts to the CRM. It's going to do a follow-up sequence on all of them, even if one or two of those people that said no initially, that you haven't followed up with and been sending automatic texts and stuff to, if they booked a cleaning as a result of using CRM, money-wise it makes sense.

And then also if you feel like it's chaos, right, using a Quo, Google Voice or something and texts are everywhere, you can't see where people are at in the stages of reaching out to your business. Did I quote them? Do I need to send texts to them? Do I need to follow up? You should be using a CRM because it has stages that are set up showing where that lead is in the process of becoming a client. So I go a bit deep into this and the Systems 101, I think it is, I'm going to look here real quick what the name is, yeah, Cleaning Business Systems 101 and what you should be doing in your CRM if you are using Harvest CRM, but I would just recommend using Harvest CRM.

Yeah, that's how you determine whether or not you should have a CRM is just by doing a cost-benefit analysis.