When is the right time to get a VA? Well, I hope that in the past videos I've made it clear that the right time is dependent on you. We got a VA earlier than we really needed to because we wanted to prepare that VA and train them before things were going to get super slammed. Imagine things are slammed, you're swamped, you're having to constantly work, and then now all of a sudden you also have to train a VA.

That would be more difficult, right? I think we got our first VA when we were about 9k a month and we knew that it's not too much going on, like we can handle this, but we're trying to scale 15, 20, 25, 30, and we're really thinking we're going to get there in the next two, three months. So we should just go ahead and start training VA and if that VA doesn't work out, then we need to have time to be able to train another VA. And that's exactly what happened.

We were about 9k-ish in July and then there we go, and then August was like 15k, September was like 16k, September, October, I want to say I was like 18 to 20, December, you know, we just blew up. It was good that we got that process going when we were at 9k. And then we had someone for about a month, month and a half, and I guess I can make a view on this.

When is it the right time to look for a different VA or to consider firing your VA? We ended up firing that VA, great guy, loved him. He was super sweet, but just didn't, wasn't doing the things we needed to. It's close rate wasn't great.

Things were slipping through the cracks and our business was suffering as a result. Revenue was not where it could have been as a result, and we had to let him go. I actually made an Instagram post.

I don't know if you follow me on Instagram, if you want to, it's at Alex G Swetnam, my last name, S-W-E-T-N-A-M. I also post like daily videos on YouTube to kind of plug in myself here, same app on YouTube. But I do daily like documenting life, documenting the journey of building this, building other companies and just what's going on personally, and just sharing things I wish I knew sooner, right? From both a somewhat a business perspective, but more of a personal like thoughts, beliefs, the way I view the world and the perspective I have, and just growing in that, maturing in that, and ways that have benefited me.

So if they've benefited me, I like to share with others. And if they help, cool, if not, maybe it's not a thought or idea that helps you. But anyways, yeah, I made a post actually when we had to do that, which sucked because we really liked the guy, but in the end we had to make a business decision, right? Some decisions consider your heart, but your heart shouldn't guide the decision.

So let that VA go, I found another VA and that VA was freaking phenomenal. And it's a VA we still have to this day. She's been with us for five months now, something like that.

Wonderful. Sorry, I'm a little off track here. When is the right time to get a VA? Yeah, it's just whenever it makes the most sense, either personally or business wise, when the return is going to be higher than the cost of having that VA.

So maybe in the beginning, it looks like just having a VA just do sales calls and do follow up calls for you and book things that because you're not calling your pipeline like you should. Maybe it's just having a weekend VA because you're getting inbound leads because you've done the Google business profile optimizations and did everything right there. Maybe it's having a VA just do the tracking and analytics.

Maybe it's just customer support, everything after the sale, whatever that looks like. And you also want to make sure you don't bring a VA in that's going to do this and how to pick the right VA, but you don't want to bring a VA and that is going to hurt the business. And so you have to know what you're looking for to see whether or not that VA is doing what they need to be doing.

So I'll go into that video here in a sec.