Why do systems matter at all? What is the value of systems? You are unable to scale efficiently and have consistent results if you are not using a system. Now, I'm not saying system just in the context of a CRM. I'm talking about systems in the context of using SOPs.

SOPs are standard operating procedures. So you have a standard way of doing things that's repeatable and that you do every single time. If, for instance, this system as far as our SOP for sales calls, if we do something different on every single sales call, we can't determine what's working and what's not working if every single sales call and the way we approach it is different.

But if we are using the same SOP and treating each sales call the same way and trying the same objection handles and being able to just stick to one way of doing things, we can see once we've done this 50 different times, what is working and what is not working here. And then we can take a different way of doing things and say, does this way work better than this way? Do we get better results doing this or do we get better results doing this? And you can only split test and consider is this better than this if this is consistently the same every single time. And this is also consistently the same every single time.

So part of it there, why it's important to have systems is that we have repeatable processes and you can determine whether one process is better than another process. Another reason that systems matter is logistically being able to scale, being able to take yourself out of the business. If everything relies on you and what you're doing and manually doing things, then if you have to take a vacation or if you want to take a break, then the business crumbles because you aren't there doing the things that need to be done.

But if the things that need to be done get done by a system, which is separate from you, then you are able to take a step back and it doesn't harm the business because the business is able to run without you using those systems right now. Who oversees those systems? Who makes sure that those systems are working correctly? That's having a VA, being able to operate and do the things that need to be done in the business. So that's why systems matter.

One, that you are able to compare one thing to another and see what works better. And two, you're able to scale and grow without personally being connected to the success of it because it's no longer based on you, it's based on is the system successful.