How long ago did you start your cleaning business? We started in June, we had our first clean in August. And in December, we got to 10,000. Dude, that is awesome.

Where are you getting leads from? What's your focus for marketing? Google LSA and Thumbtack has been all of it. Nice, Thumbtack, are you doing the setting where you're only focusing on recurring, no one time, no move in, no move outs? No, all of it. Okay, I don't know if you want to run the numbers.

We ran the numbers because we spent $6,000 in Thumbtack in our first 60 days of business. We ran the numbers and on one time cleans and move in, move out post construction, we broke even. On recurring, we made a crap ton of money.

So there's a setting in Thumbtack. I can share my screen here. Yeah, I know that setting, but I never really thought to just limit it to one or two.

Yeah, so that setting is the reason, and then have you gotten free Thumbtack leads before or no? Do you know how to do that? The free? Yeah. No, well, I'm limiting my budget right now. Yep, okay, so there's a way to get around that.

I'll show you that too. So I'm just gonna get off this call and for you to have some freaking ways that you're just like, oh, cool. Alex just made me a lot more money, dude.

So I like doing that. All right, you go here, your, where is it? Payments, it's not gonna be payments. It's gonna be services.

It's always such a pain to find stuff in Thumbtack. Yeah, it is freaking annoying. Okay, so right here, so unlimited budget, but here's the kicker.

We're gonna get 21 free leads. Right. Okay, I know you don't wanna spend unlimited budget, but first off, if I could spend $200 a day on Thumbtack, I would, I can't, it's unlimited and we're not being able to spend that much.

Why would I spend as much money as possible? Because if $1 turns into $5 and you know that, then you should be spending as much money as you freaking have. So one thing being, be more confident in what you're making and what your numbers are because I would bet you if you ran your one-time numbers on Thumbtack, you'd see you're barely breaking even, probably losing money. And that recurring is where you're making money.

So, but you can do this. Turn off, like when it tells you like, get this many leads for unlimited budget, put a credit card on file and then hit the max or hit a limit or hit a Visa freaking gift card, whatever it is, but, or get one of those cards where you can load money into the card because what you can do is you put the unlimited here, you click it. So that way you're getting 21 free freaking leads.

And then you, as long as you keep the setting on, when you reach the max of your credit card or you fill up a car and it spends all the money, it will still count as you getting unlimited or your unlimited budget. So if you only have $300 to spend this week, go get one of those online cards or whatever, where you can fill up a card for 300 bucks, put that card on Thumbtack and hit the unlimited and keep it unlimited. And if you wanna turn like marketing back on or spend more money on Thumbtack, then go refill the card and have it spend, but keep the unlimited setting so you can get free leads.

I think- That's a great idea. I have probably gotten over Rick, probably 250, 300 free leads. And a lot of it was in my first, like my second, third month of business because Thumbtack used to have a, I don't know if you remember, add these 10 areas and you'll get more leads, free leads, right? But I didn't wanna be in those areas.

So what did I do? I added those areas and then hit get and it gave me like 30 free leads. And then I went back and removed all those areas. So I only got ones in my area and I got free leads all in that area.

No kidding. Yeah, dude. Okay.

Yeah, so go make some freaking money, bro. This right here is a hundred bucks. This is thousands of dollars you just made, bro.

Okay, so go high level. Here's the thing. It's a love-hate relationship with go high level.

Here's the thing about go high level is that go high level is extremely comprehensive. Obviously, you know, like you've heard people talk about it. It has a stupid amount of stuff.

Let me go here and go, like you've seen this, it has a stupid amount of stuff. Like all these things built into one area and just so you can see freaking how much