Give me a disclaimer to say I'm not a tax person before I give this video. Sorry about this guys, but I just need to make sure none of you sues me. I'm not a CPA, tax advisor, or attorney. 

This content is for informational purposes only and should not be considered financial or tax advice. Please consult a qualified professional for your specific situation. Alright, all that being said, here is something that you can do to minimize your tax burden.

Let's look here at the whiteboard. Alrighty, so I'm just going to go out into Narnia over here, and just act like that doesn't exist, and we're going to grab this here. So, if your income here is $10k, your expenses are $7k, that means that your profit, I'm going to simplify things, but profit is $3k.

So, by using the Augusta rule, which says you can rent your personal residence to your business for up to 14 days, and it is a business expense, but it is not something you have to declare as income on your personal 1040. Here's how it works. So, we can rent it up to 14 days, but it has to be fair market rent, and you have to actually use it for business purposes.

So, go host a team meetup day, use it as a client workshop, use it as a planning or a vision day, as if you've got to rent your house to do this. So, 14 days times, that's terrible times. I'm just going to say fair market value.

So, in our situation, I think we did, like, one of our houses was like, and we had two people, so we could do this for both members, but we were going to double it. So, 14 days times $400 per day, right? So, 14 times 400, you end up with 5,600. Yeah, 5,600, right? So, this has to be fair market, right? We can't say it's $1,000 a day. 

It has to be genuinely what you could rent the house out for, if you put it on Airbnb or something. So, in this situation, this business that had $10,000 in income, $7,000 expenses, $3,000 profit, while using the Augusta rule, we can rent out our residence for 14 days, and in our area, $400 a day means 5,600. So, this number now is no longer a, where is an eraser, please? It is now 7K plus 55.6K, which means that overall, it is 12.6K, right? Which means that the profit is now, you're actually losing money.

Okay, so now, instead of paying taxes on 3K, I now am going to have a tax credit for the next year. So, that's the Augusta rule. That's something that I would recommend that you talk to a CPA about using.

And then, me and Elijah, we both had, since we both are owners in LLC, we actually fill out a 1065, not a 1040. For an LLC, like a single member, we are a multi-member, and it's treated like a partnership. So, we actually got to both rent out our houses. 

So, we got to do this twice. So, this is a great way to reduce your tax liability. But, I'm not a CPA tax attorney or advisor or any of that.

So, anyways, yeah, use ChatGPT to look for things you can do for your taxes. Honestly, it's the best thing that has been able to help us. And look for the fringe stuff.

I mean, you can write off the vehicle expenses. You can write off cell phone. You can write off internet.

You can write off a portion of utilities, a portion of rent. Like, there's all sorts of things that you can write off. But really, we just use ChatGPT a lot.

So, there you go.