Hi {{contact.first_name}}!

Welcome to The Faithful Cleaners family! We’re excited to take care of your home.
To make sure you get the very best results and everyone is on the same page, here are some expectations from our Terms of Service that will help your cleaning go smoothly:
Before We Arrive:
? Please pick up clutter from the floors (toys, clothes, shoes, etc.) so we can clean all surfaces thoroughly. If floor clutter causes a considerable increase in time, an additional fee may apply.
? If needed, move any furniture in advance — our team can’t safely move furniture, large, or fragile items for insurance reasons.
? If you purchased an interior oven cleaning, please spray inside the oven the day before for the best possible results. Use a product like Easy-Off.
What’s Not Included:
? We handle dusting, wiping, scrubbing, vacuuming, and mopping in your deep cleaning.
? We do not provide professional organizing, biohazard cleanup, climbing ladders, or deep stain removal. We are a cleaning company, not a restoration or repair service!
? We do not clean garages, patios, or home exteriors
? We can’t guarantee work if areas are blocked by clutter, contractors, or pets.
? We do not provide specialized services, such as deep tile & grout cleaning or carpet shampooing.
A Few Quick Policies to Know:
? We ensure you are 100% satisfied with your clean BEFORE we leave your home. No cleaner is perfect, so our cleaners will ask you to walk through your home with them at the end and double-check that you are satisfied with the clean; re-cleaning if something isn't up to our standards.
? Payment is due immediately after the cleaning, and we place a hold 24 hours before. Please expect a survey call after the cleaning is complete.
? Cancellations and reschedules have a 25% fee if made within 72 hours.
These guidelines aren’t just for us — they’re to ensure you get the most value, efficiency, and sparkle from your cleaning. Thank you so much for helping us serve you better!
Our cleaners will ask you to do a walkthrough on your home with them before they leave- this is the appropriate time to ask for a re-cleaning of any area you see. It is much more difficult to re-schedule a quick 10 minute reclean to fix any areas you aren't satisfied with, so please ensure you are satisfied before they leave.
If you have any questions before your appointment, don’t hesitate to reach out.
With gratitude,
The Faithful Cleaners Team
(469) 436-8008
contact@thefaithfulcleaners.com
thefaithfulcleaners.com

