Objections aren’t “pushback.”

They’re mostly uncertainty.

The most common reason that you will lose a potential sale is you:





get caught off guard,



start rambling,



lower the price too fast,



or get defensive.

Because you didn't know how to answer someone's objection... This is sales. Being good at objection handling is not optional. You NEED to be prepared for the hard questions.

Building an “Objection Library” (This takes 10 minutes)

Write down the top objections you hear every week:





“You’re too expensive.”



“I need to talk to my spouse.”



“I’m going to think about it.”



“I’m getting other quotes.”



“Can you do it for cheaper?”



“Do you have anyone available this week?”



“How do I know your cleaners are trustworthy?”

Now, your goal is to have one confident response for each.

A clean, repeatable answer. This is the ideal framework to create an answer for almost any objection.

Objection from client: It just seems a little expensive... (depending on how the call went, sometimes we just say something like "I can get you booked it right now 

Acknowledge: “Yes, that makes sense — I get that.”

Clarify: “Is it just the price that's keeping you from booking?” 

Solve: “So if you were happy with the price, you would book a cleaning with us right now?"

Now you've got their commitment to book with you right now if you make a concession on the price! 



These are some of the ways we do it:





Offering a special one-time discount of $15-$30 if they leave a 5 star review after is an option we give.



Ask if there are any areas we can remove from the cleaning in their home.



If they book recurring, they get a discount (but they have to stay for at least two cleans).



The magic line is when you make a concession, saying "Sound fair enough?". Once they say yes, you should have already got their preferred time by using our assumed close hack above - so just ask for their card.



If this went over your head a little bit, that's okay. I've been in sales for years. I used to write sales and marketing material for an oil & gas investment firm that sold a $200,000 minimum investment... You don't need to be a sales wizard like me, you just need to memorize some basic responses!



I make it really simple for you in the Objection Handling Sales Course, so you can confidently get more sales. We will train you, roleplay, and even listen to those calls where you got stuck.