Cock-a-doodle-doo! What a do-by-bee. You hear me? Yeah. Oh, you're in a spaceship, that's crazy.

Yo, can you hear me? Yeah, now I can. Oh, there we go. Dude, you're in a spaceship, that's freaking insane.

That's where I'm at, bro. Dude, my camera doesn't work on my... Bro? Hey, do I need to do anything? No, I'm gonna show you everything. Word.

How long? I'm sorry, I don't... How long? Not long. I'm gonna try to keep it super simple. I'm gonna record, too, if that's cool with you.

Of course. Alright. So, what we're gonna do is we're gonna evaluate how your SEO is doing, specifically for your Google Business profile.

So, let's pull up... I can tell you the thing... What the heck is that? Oh, it's history. I can tell you the things that are going to... be impacting your ranking the most. And that's based on this report here, WhiteSpark.

So, the things that are... This is the local pack, the map pack. The map pack is when you look up window cleaning. This is the map pack right here.

What are the three options that show up right here? This is a LSA ad, but this right here is where you wanna be. So, we're gonna talk about and see, like, I'm searching from over here. So, you're not showing up as the top three, but I would bet a crap ton of money that when you search from here, you're gonna show up.

I just got some credits. We can do a map scan and see how you're doing. So, anyways, what gets you to show up here? That answer is found here.

So, it's 32% your Google Business profile signals and 19% your on-page signals and 16% your review signals. So, almost half of you showing up has to do with your GBP, and almost another quarter has to do with your on-page signals, like your website stuff, like link, citation, and on-page. It's actually more than a quarter.

So, first things first is we need to get the GBP being the best it can be, and the next thing is making sure you're on-page. So, let's check out your GBP first. And this also breaks down what are the factors.

Dude, it's super cool. Like, what are the things actually in the GBP? So, first thing, primary GBP category, window cleaning service, that is your primary GBP category, keyword in Google Business title, double eagle window cleaning. I think what you're missing is physical or having the name of the city in the search would help you, but would it be a huge deal? No.

Keyword in Google Business title. So, how do we know that's the most searched keyword? Well, we just go to Keyword Planner in Google Ads, and we can see what people are looking for. Just go to Google Ads, and back to Google Ads, and just sign in.

This shows us what words are people actually looking up when they're looking for window cleaning. So, Keyword Planner. SEMrush and Ahrefs and a couple of those are also useful for this.

I don't know why it's moving slow now. Come on, baby. All right, discover new keywords.

So, we're looking at the city, which is McKinney. Save. So, in McKinney, window cleaning.

Let's see what is the most searched thing and what other things people also are looking for. So, we're looking at most researched. Wow, huge.

Window cleaning near me. Window washers near me. Glass cleaners near me.

Then we have all these other residential window cleaning and those. So, these are the ones we want to optimize for. You have window cleaning in it.

Glass cleaner by nature, I would think. Glass cleaners near me. Yeah, window cleaning services are going to pop up.

So, good. That is the most researched keyword, like these right here. So, we want to make sure we're optimizing everything for those.

So, we want to use those across the website as well. We'll go into that in a minute. Physical address.

So, now you have the address being the huge thing. Proximity of address to the point of search. So, no matter how hard you try, you will never show up.

If someone is searching from, like, Lucas, you're just not going to show up. If someone is searching from Hendrix, you're just not going to show up, right? It's always how close is this person to the search. So, all right.

Those are kind of some of the big things. Let me actually look at. You have Q&A.

Are you guys fully insured? Yes. I would be doing probably another Q&A every month. Just add another question, answer another question.

This is fully. We haven't posted, it looks like, since September 28th. So, we want to be posting.

We want to be adding pictures. Latest was 17 days ago. So, you want to do these things.

Top of mind. Let's also look at reviews. Most recent.

Two days ago. Awesome. You've got to be responding to these, like, within 24 hours.

Google really likes that. So, as fast as possible. Interesting.

Yeah, just one from two days ago. These are showing your response. But this one, yeah, just two days ago.

The new one. So, you want to do that. And you also want to, in your response, be saying, remember the most researched keywords.

Google factors that into reviews. So, hey, like, we loved washing your windows in McKinney, Texas. It was a pleasure to make sure your glass was looking clean and that sort of thing.

Right? So, find a template. Literally just ask chat to give you a response that would be good for reviews for SEO reasons and McKinney as a window cleaner. I would do that.

Everything else looks pretty good, other than, like, I don't know. I don't think I can see it here. But services and products.

You'd want to have these services and products of, like, we do window cleaning as a service and as a product. In your thing, like, in your Google business profile, there's an option to, like, add products and services. I would do that.

So, can't see it here. But you can add, like, all. I would literally add, like, window cleaning, window washing, window washer, glass cleaner.

Not spray with glass. Residential window cleaning. Commercial window cleaning.

Professional window cleaning. Best window cleaner. Like, add those as services and products in your thing.

Okay. So, actual website stuff. Like, you have the biggest things, which is you have a crap ton of reviews.

Those are just small things, but they are impactful. Right? But you have a crap ton of reviews, and you have window cleaning in your name, and you have an address. So, you have the basics down, and you have a filled out, you know, somewhat, like, 80%, 90% of the way they're filled out.

So, if you're not showing up. So, let's see what you are showing up. Right? Let's look up.

Let's search for double eagle. Okay. So, here's where you are.

We're going to go to the keyword of window cleaning near me. Let's also just go ahead and do glass cleaner just for the sake of it. Glass cleaner.

I don't want AI. Okay. Looking good here.

We'll go in this radius. Let's do. Yeah.

This is fine. What are you seeing? Is the result populated? No, no, no. I'm about to run it.

I'm just making sure everything is good here before I run it. Okay. Run scans.

Running two scans. Okay. Let's see the scan results here.

Scan in progress. While the scan is in progress, let's look at what's missing on the website. Let's go to the website here.

Okay. From website, it's going straight to your estimate, which is fine. Let's do.

Okay. Double Eagle window cleaning title. We want to put title and put the city and then city would help there.

Let's look at description. Greater Dallas area. Okay.

What I would look at is a description that specifically focuses on mentioning McKinney and also our expertise ensures residential and commercial properties. I would once again, look at the keywords and tell Jen to be key. What are these keywords? Give me a meta description that adds and that uses these keywords.

I copied the description. Word. Those.

These are generally good though. Yeah. These are generally good.

Here's what is big. Double Eagle window cleaning. Your.

You said you had another H1. Yeah. So you should have one H. You need only one H1 on your website.

You can't have two. You have one H1. Sorry.

Now it's our services and double Eagle window cleaning. What would be better is on your homepage, especially being just the name of your company. Faithful cleaners.

The H1 for ours is Lexi house cleaning service in Collin County. So we're telling people like that were this service. Right.

House cleaning and made service. Notice keywords. Standard deep move out.

So services. Homes and apartments. Keywords.

House cleaner is another keyword. House cleaner and house cleaning and made service. Right.

Hold on. Let me stop. Where's the title located on my website? Is it WordPress or go? Hello.

What do you have? I don't know. You'd have to ask you have to be team. So H1, we put top rated house cleaning service in Collin County.

So the reason we do that is because when someone looks up like best house cleaning service or best whatever, like this is literally the name of our our H1. So you can see house cleaning services. H2 standard house cleaning stage to H2.

H2. H2. I can't close our cleaners and then H3 goes into all these.

Whereas yours is. H1. Just double equal window cleaning.

And then it goes straight to H4. And then you have H2 maintenance plans and they go straight to H4. You want like hierarchy like one H1 and then H2 and then H3 is under the H2.

But the biggest like if you if it has a keyword in it, like you want it to be H2 for the most part. So like safe and efficient access, like advanced wet fed water, superior interior cleaning, like our services, like you'd want each of these services to be an H2 because you want this to be your way. You're telling Google is like, oh, yeah, this is not a big deal.

This is H4. No, no, no. This is a really big deal.

You know, so. How to change that to an H2. Yeah, probably just Squarespace.

It'll show you like literally H2 versus H3 in this look at schema. OK, you have a local business schema, but it's it's bare bones. So you'd want to add ask Google to help you create a local business schema because that's pretty important.

And then your map. You don't have a map here. So info and you need to put your you want to put your address here.

So you get your phone number. Yeah, phone number and then put your address here and then the name. You got double eagle window cleaning.

Yeah. Put address there and then also put this map. So here's what you're going to do.

You're going to go to double eagle window cleaning, share, embed a map, just do a small map. And then you literally just copy this and you put it like in your footer, like embed an HTML in your footer that connects it to your Google business profile. Even better.

Those things right there. Everything that I just said, I know I just breathe through stuff. I'm not.

Yeah, I'm not expecting you to like, OK, understand it. Like, feel free to go over the recording. Just trying to make it fast.

So but those things right there, you're going to jump up. So let's just see already where you're at. Based on the scan.

OK, this is you're already doing great. So you're just going to dominate even further. So glass cleaner near me.

When someone searches, you are the first. Basically read this as you remember this glass cleaners near me right here. If you are if you are not the one of the top three.

Don't don't think about sponsored. If you're not one of the top three, it's pointless. OK, so you want to read this right here.

It's going like it's going like green to like lighter green to yellow. And then it gets really bad. It'll be red.

OK, don't read it like that. Read it like if it's one to three, it's a it's a super green green. The best it could be if it's four or anything less than four.

It's a red like it's trash right here. People are not finding you, whereas right here people are finding you. I don't care if you're four or if you're twenty five.

Like does not make a difference. So. You take it.

Oh, that's true. Yeah, it doesn't matter if you're four or if you're twenty five. It's if it's not one to three.

I don't give a rip. So this is really good. And this is mostly because you put an address right before when we did this scan.

I remember I sent you a screenshot a long time ago. We looked across the entire area, like Collin County, and you were red everywhere. Like you could not be found anywhere in the area because even though you had the reviews, you had the name.

You did not have. Is it good? OK. Very good.

So before you were not showing up at all, like anywhere when we did the report, I don't know if it was four or five months ago. I have it somewhere. Yeah.

So now you are showing up, which is awesome. That's for that keyword. Right.

When someone searches glass cleaner near me, when someone searches window cleaner near me, cleaning near me, you're even higher. So you're even your third even further. OK, so if you do the things that I talked about to improve, you're going to rank even higher in a wider radius.

So the next time we do this, like I probably would expand this further and come out to here and see if you're out here. Third. Right.

This is only going to reach so far. But you are going to dominate. You are dominating this area, especially with window cleaning.

Notice that window cleaning. Double Eagle window window cleaning area because window cleaning is in your name is better than your results for glass cleaner. If you put like double double equal glass window cleaning and washing, you'd show up for more keywords.

But you have to go through the verification process, doing a DBA and everything to put those keywords in your name, which could be worth it. I think it actually is worth it. It's annoying, but it is worth it because you show up further and wider.

And by just doing that, even if you get three or four more clients a month from that, it's worth it. So that's what we're looking at here. As far as.

Yeah, like you're you're dominating, like compared to other people in this area, like you're you're just literally first. You used to be like all the way down here compared to all these people. But by doing things correctly, even though people might have a clear choice window, they're probably further.

I wonder where they're located. Yeah. You see, this guy's in that he's in an area.

He's doing the area thing instead of the address. He's got three hundred eighty five reviews. But guess what? He what's in his business? Clear choice.

He's not showing up. He's because he doesn't have an actual address for his business. He was just doing what you were doing.

So even though he has more views, if he really just got an address, this guy would be getting more business from it. So why do you think he's ranking in that top three? Is it just because where he's not? He's not. He's ranking all the way down here.

Seven. So he's in your actual result, though. He is showing up.

Is he? Yeah. Yeah. So.

Yeah. So what's happening is that the way area works is that air you get a wider spread across and where there's no competition. You're telling Google I'm not going to be centrally located and have a powerful presence in one area.

I just want to be somewhat spread across all of this area. So he happens to be in a spot like I just happen to be searching right here from a spot that says, mind you, I also window cleaning is in his name and I looked up a window cleaning. But I happen to be in a spot where there's less competition in this a little like from where my computer is searching.

There's just less competition right there. But if he gets over here, which is what the map shows for his ranking, is that he does not show up. I don't think it shows the actual map yet.

He's not going to show up in this area. His average is seven in all of this area. So if we did the scan from this point of view, like a really big scan in his area, I think his area is like right here.

He's probably going to show up like in this middle of nowhere and over here a little bit. And it just happens to be a hot spot like here, here and here and here. But like there's not one right there.

So he shows up in this little, little tiny grid. But like I'm trying to find an example for you. Let's see.

Yeah. Yeah. So it's much better to have this because you're there's the population is so heavy and you're getting jobs right where you want them.

You don't want to be driving out, you know, all this way. And that's where people are finding you. And let's say like you want to double down on this.

Then fine. Go and make another Google business profile here. Another one here.

Another one here. Like dominate the area by having multiple Google business profiles, not by hoping that your big service area one is going to get it. So in expanding reach further, doing the things we talked about.

Other than that, dude, things look good. We could go over like I don't have access to your actual Google business profile. So I can't see how many interactions like how things have been increasing.

It's increased. Yeah. How how much do you know? Right.

Last time I checked, it was like two ninety something. I don't know. Yeah.

When you look at like September versus when you have it verified, like average per day or something. Do you have anything that's kind of like that? Last time I checked, it was pretty low. It was like ten, maybe four or seven.

Are you able to screen share and put up on your phone real quick? Yeah. Give me one sec, bro. Sorry.

Yeah, you're good. Okay. So you want me to pull up my GMB? Yeah.

Just to see the interactions and the uptick. I'm just curious how things look because it is like night and day for us. So I'm just curious of how.

Very good. Don't mind me, bro. I'm just munching.

No, no. I know. Don't mind me either.

I'm on my way to another meeting at two thirty. So that's why I'm kind of super multitasking. Okay.

Business profile. I have 308 customer interactions. If I click.

Can you show the screen? Can you show the screen real quick? I'm going to share right now. I'm going to replace your presentation. Yeah, go ahead.

All right. It should be on. Can you see it? Yeah.

Can you see it? 308 total from May to October. Do September to September. And then when was your Google business profile verified? Do you know? 61.

I'm going to say last month. Gotcha. So if we go to say August.

Right. It was okay. 48.

July. July. 36.

June. 30. This month.

Let's freaking go, bro. That's like it's going to be forex by the end of the month. How many calls and how many website clicks if you press those? Calls.

Nine. Nice. And then scroll to website clicks.

31. Okay. So nine and 31.

What was September? And what was August? The month's not even over. That's crazy. Nine and 31.

Nine and 31. Okay. We had 36 in September.

How many calls? Eight. Eight. And then August.

Eight. 40. So more people are finding you.

More people are clicking you. Overall. Yeah.

But we still want more clicks. More calls. I want to get rid of this book online thing.

It's connected to Jabber. I'll have to call them. See, because it's taking them to a page I don't want them to fill out.

I'd rather just have them call me. Yeah, I had that happen with mine, too. So the interactions that are happening are coming from booking? Like, go back to the interactions.

Because the calls and clicks weren't that much of a difference. For us, it was like an immediate huge difference for the calls and clicks. What about bookings right there when you hit that? Nope.

Okay. Do calls again. Just right there.

Well, I'm not updating if there's bookings or not. Oh, okay. I see.

I don't know. Because I'll tell you what, dude. I feel like the past month, it's saying eight calls from Google.

I feel like I've only gotten, like, one. Weird. Yeah, I wonder if it's time of year.

What is that? Word. Well, do those things on the website. It's going to improve you even further.

But people are actually finding you now. Like, you now have a lead source that you didn't have before. Even if you have at least one more person a month booked from it, you're paying off the office that you're paying for.

Word. Word. Yeah, dude.

We get so much from RGVP. It's absurd, bro. I could show you my screen.

That's because we've spent so much time on stuff. The faithful cleaners. Yeah.

Yeah. So this was no SEO, no GVP. And then this was the turning on.

And we're not all the way through October. But it's good there. People looking for direction.

Website clicks. Nothing, you know, before we turned it on. Then we turned it on.

There's a huge difference. So I'm curious of what will happen when you actually optimize your website. Because here's ours.

If I do a scan for ours. I think I just did one recently. Scan reports.

Yeah, this is ours. We dominate here. And.

Yeah, and then we go further. Like, one here. So that means we go further up here.

One, two to three. And if we're only two here, we're going further up here. Two, three.

If we're only two here, we're going further. But that's what you're going to see. You're going to have a much bigger uptick.

By just having your SEO do better on your website. And it'll increase your GVP rank. You'll rank further.

So I think that's why probably ours have had a bigger uptick. Our website was pretty solid. Whereas yours has some really clear issues.

The local business schema being honestly a huge issue right now for yours. Schema on the website. Not email.

Schema. No, no, no. S-C-H-E-M-A.

Schema. Yeah, you're good. And then the H1, if the header is H1, have H2 underneath? Yeah.

You can just ask Google. I would honestly run it through Google. Or not Google.

Chat GBT and say I'm trying to rank what should my H1, H2, H3 be. Yeah. Like literally just chat GBT for everything.

Yep, yep. That's good. Yeah, that's good, man.

Okay, so website schema. I wonder if there's anything else. Those will just jump you up, dude.

Yes. Yes. Yeah, window washing.

Like if I look at someone else's has done it. I don't think you can see services from this side a lot of times. But yeah, just like as many services and products as you can think of.

Same thing. Just ask Google about it. Or not Google.

Chat GBT. Word. Yeah, it'll be a huge difference.

Yeah, okay. I love that, dude. It's just one of those free things, bro.