I've talked to dozens of cleaning business owners, those that are doing $200,000 a month, and those that are doing $100,000 a month, those doing $50,000 a month, and those that are doing $5,000 a month, just starting. The thing that I have recognized in almost every single cleaning business under $20,000 a month is that they are struggling with one of two things, one being marketing, or the other being sales. I like to break this down.

This business is very simple into acquiring leads, converting those leads into bookings, and fulfilling the service. Very simply, that's what it is. The part where most people succeed at is the fulfilling the service, sending cleaners to the house and having a good experience.

The problem that most people have is they're struggling to get leads, they're struggling to acquire leads, and they're struggling to convert those leads into a booking to then go and clean the house. Now, me coming to the business, this business, we started about a year ago, and we've scaled very quickly. How is that we've grown so fast? Well, because my background was in sales and marketing. 

The first two bits, acquiring and converting, that's where I specialize in. That's where I was paid $20,000 a month to go and do nine-figure businesses, eight-figure businesses, and I've made a lot of money doing it, helping other businesses make millions of dollars, hence why they've paid me tens of thousands to do it. I run marketing agencies, have equity in a marketing agency right now. 

As you're going to see, our marketing and is absolutely amazing. Coming into the cleaning, residential cleaning space with that experience, I had an advantage, but where I had a disadvantage was on the fulfillment side, on actually sending cleaners to homes and making sure that experience was good. I didn't know what a bad or good cleaner looked like. 

I didn't know what a bad or good experience was. I didn't know that I couldn't just send one cleaner to a 4,000-square-foot deep clean for four hours, and I just didn't know. I made a lot of mistakes and actually went out and did cleaning myself, literally getting on my knees, scrubbing as many as you have, actually figuring out what cleaning is like. 

I didn't just want to be just this remote model, I've never touched, I'm too good. No. I actually was going and scrubbing toilets to figure out how cleaning works, what this looks like from the inside out, because I had the sales and marketing side, the acquire, convert. 

Specifically in this video, I want to cover a bit of a foundation on marketing and why it's so important, but to go into that first, we need to hit the point of attribution, just call it tracking, but you can't make blind decisions in business, and that's what many do at a small level, it's why they stay small. You have to know your numbers, your KPIs, which are fee performance indicators. You need to know exactly how much you're spending per lead, how much you're spending per booking, and what your closing rate is, as well as your average order value or your average ticket. 

For us, the average ticket, which is how much does someone spend with you on average, the first time someone books with us is $377, and I can see that in my system. Our close rate, I have this up on the screen, for December I'm looking at, qualified close rates, qualified leads was 60%, and over here on the far right, I can see the close rate per source, but overall, our qualified close rate was 60%. Our cost per booking, CPA or CAC, as some people call it, cost per acquisition, we can see here, it cost me $40 to get a booking to acquire a customer on Thumbtack, and then it costs $98 on EPC, which is Google Ads.

What's my cost per lead? Well, it's $17.88 for Thumbtack, it's $35.31 for Google Ads, PPC. To understand marketing at its core, you need to understand that it's not meant to be a, I guess, I'm hoping, I feel, I think, possibly, maybe. Marketing, very simply, is an equation.

If the average ticket, which I'm going to say our average ticket is $400 to make it easy, if on average, someone pays us $400 for a clean, and $200 of that goes to a cleaner, and $50 more goes to overhead and all the other costs that we have, we are left with $150. If it costs me, more than $150 cost per acquisition to get that clean, then I'm losing money on that first clean. If it costs me less than $150, then I've made money. 

It cost me $100 to get the customer, I had to spend $50 on overhead and other stuff, and I had to give $200 to the cleaner, so I'm left with $150. I spent $100 on marketing, so I've got $50 difference. What's typical in this business is that you're going to barely break even, or even lose money sometimes on your first clean. 

The reason why that's okay is because you're going to make money from the recurring or in the long term. For instance, our first month in business, we were very zealous. We spent $4,000 our first month in marketing, $4,000. 

That's a lot of money. We lost $1,000 our first month. How did this happen? Well, by spending $4,000, we did about $7,500, $8,000 in bookings our first month. 

After we paid our contractors, after we had many fails and mess ups and just hiccups of our first month in business, not knowing that we were going to deal with so much cleaner issues on the fulfillment side, we lost $1,000. Everything's said and done. You know what we did? The next month, we spent almost $3,000 more on marketing. 

Once again, we lost in total around $2,000, $2,500 in those two months. We had spent about $7,000 on marketing and we had lost $2,500. You're probably going, oh my gosh, that's terrible. 

What about month three in our business? Month three, we spent basically nothing on marketing. You know what happened? The people that we had gotten from the first two months, the ones that had stayed, even though we sucked, even though we didn't know what we were doing, we had a bad close rate and marketing was just getting started, so it wasn't ideal. We held on to a fair bit of those. 

Month three, I think we did about $5,000 revenue. We paid our cleaners $2,500 of that $5,000. Then of course, sales tax, those things. 

We were almost break even on month three, having spent nothing on marketing. Month four, we were profitable at the end of the month. That wasn't profitable by much. 

This is where we recognized, even though we're not going to be putting money in our pocket early on in this business, what we will be doing is we will be spending every dollar we can and every dollar available, even put it on a credit card, in order to have our business grow rapidly. Hence, us getting to $25,000. We started in February 2025, which was last year. 

In December, we did $25,000. In December, we should have done $30,000 in January, but January is a notoriously small or slow month. Even with it being a slow month, we had two cleaners that were sick, and we had a snowstorm here in Texas. 

We only did $20,000 that month. We should have done $30,000 because we had cancellations or reschedules and that sort of thing. Going into February, it's February 3rd. 

Right now, we have $26,000 on the books. We should end the month over $30,000 in just the four weeks, the shortest month of the year. We're super excited for that.

But going back to what I was saying, we would not be in this position if we didn't spend a lot on marketing. You might go, I don't have a lot to spend on marketing. You don't have a lot to spend on marketing because you don't understand the value of marketing or you have your marketing wrong. 

If I told you, you right now, you give me $5 and I will give you back $10 in a month from now, two months from now, you would be giving me $50 so you could get $100 back in two months. There's nothing out there, no investment out there where you can double your money that fast. It doesn't exist, except the unicorn, OMG, I can't believe that that thing grew so fast sort of things. 

It's the one in a million, private equity wishes. So if I could tell you, if I told you, you give me one, you give me $1, I'll give you back $2, then you would want to give me $10 so I can give you back $20. You'd want to give me $100 so I could give you back $200. 

You'd want to give me $1,000 so in two months I'd give you back $2,000. You wish you could give me $10,000 and I would give you $20,000 and just scale this up. You wish that you could give me a million dollars and I could give you $2 million back in two months, one 1 turning into 2. Very simply, when you have profitable marketing and you treat it like an equation.

One times X amount turning into this amount profit. That's how this should be running. Should be running like a system like an equation.

So I know that $1 I spend in marketing turns into this amount of people. That are lead I acquire if I spend $1000 on. Like right here, I'll just look at this right.

We spent $493 on PPC. I know that $493 is going to turn into 14 leads because our cost per lead is $35 and I know that we're going to close 35% of those, meaning our cost for acquisition is going to be just shy of $100. So if I spend $500 that I'm going to get five bookings, $100 cost for acquisition.

Those people are going to turn into. Recurring customers, not to mention we actually make money on our first queen. Sorry, average first time price that someone pays is $377 like I said so.

That is kind of breakdown fundamentally on marketing, which is what most people they just don't have like a marketing one on one understanding. So I just wanted to kind of lay out for you a little bit of like a marketing one on one this is very ground level. But like Alex, I don't know these numbers.

How am I supposed to know these numbers? There's a free resource that's in the module of your tracking sheet, which you should be following. Every lead that comes into your business, you need to know where it came from. You need to know what happened to it.

Did you book them? Did not book them? Did you qualify them? Or did you just never contact them? So that way at the end of the month, at the end of the quarter, at the end of the year, you know what's going on with your business. You know what your code rate is. Got in a conversation yesterday with.

The guy Jack and. Jack couldn't figure out what was going on. He's like man, like maybe I didn't do different marketing.

Maybe I just I don't know. Or maybe I need to do this. I was like, what are your numbers? And he had his number.

So because he had his numbers, we could evaluate what was going on. So we had $40 cost per lead. And there were good quality leads, but it's a 20% close rate.

So that was his problem. His average ticket was fine. It's $300, but his close rate.

Was 20% that was the problem, right? And close rates going to vary apart from the platform. A 20% close rate for meta, for example, would be amazing, but meta has lower quality leads, so your close rates going to be more like 3 to 10%. OK, that's typical.

So each platform is going to be different. Organic, for instance, people that call us from Google and find us or Google business profile and found us organically through SEO are close. It's going to be much higher because they're reaching out to us.

They've sold themselves on us and we're just walking them through the process. So that close rate is going to average 55, 60, 65%, 70% even. And so it's a much easier sell.

And yeah, so if your close rate is like 50% overall, the paid market, you probably need to raise your prices. OK, so there's when you're tracking your numbers, your numbers are going to tell you the story of your business. At the end, everything in business comes down to numbers.

Do the numbers make sense? Do the numbers work? So if I'm spending $100 to get a booking, I'm making $50 per booking. And some of those are not only am I making $50 profit that first booking, but 40% of those are converting to a recurring customer. Oh, my goodness.

I should be spending as much money as possible to get that. Like, that's that's amazing, right? So the problem is that most people are doing their marketing so they don't understand the value of marketing, which hopefully this will help you understand the value of marketing. Right. 

Turning one dollar into two, a million into two dollars. Many other people struggle with marketing because they feel like they've wasted money and many times they have. I've wasted over a thousand dollars on Meta, for instance, in this business.

I do Meta for other businesses, other industries, real estate, wholesale, marketing, all these different things. Investors, $200,000 in investments, oil and gas. Gyms, but like this business, for some reason, we couldn't figure out Meta for it to work.

So I spent over a thousand dollars and it didn't work. And not that Meta doesn't work, but that we did it wrong. And Yelp just freaking took our money.

I didn't mean to spend money with Yelp. It was just supposed to be a free trial thing. And.

Most people have similar stories, they think marketing doesn't work. No, it's not that marketing doesn't work, it's that it didn't work for you the way that you did it. So if you were to do it the right way, for instance, I know a guy, Roberto, right now, who's doing about $5 cost per lead on Meta and he's converting 10 percent.

So he's doing like $50 cost per acquisition. That's freaking amazing. That's working for him.

What's working for us is what you see here. So what's really cool about marketing, especially when you really figure it out, is that you're able to take what's working in one place and apply it to another, right? It's the same systems, the same theories, the same ads, and you're just replicating it in another market. So what works for one place doesn't work for another.

But this is why you want to be testing things, trying things. And man, it's hard to learn marketing. I totally understand that.

So yeah, I always like to leave the door open. Like if you guys want to reach out and you're trying to figure out how to do marketing, you want someone else to show you what they're doing. You're interested in having us possibly run marketing for you.

And feel free to reach out. You can DM me and we'll find time for a call. But I just wanted to make like a marketing 101, OK? Like marketing is extremely crucial for your business, but you shouldn't be throwing money blindly and hoping it works.

You need to know your numbers and you need to use those numbers. In a way, like you need to evaluate those numbers, make sure that they're healthy. And then once they're healthy and you get them to a place where they make sense, then up your spent, right? Like we were trying to figure out what was working with Google Ads, PPC.

We spent money, spent money, spent more money, spent more money. OK, like this is working. It's reliable.

And then we spent like three X like in January. I think we spent more than $1500. So this was December, January more than $1500 spent on Google ads and getting the sales and getting the same results so.

Like I said, if you're struggling with marketing and you're interested in us having doing ads and that kind of stuff for you, DME reach out, but hopefully this helps you kind of understand marketing in a different light than many others have possibly taught it to you. So anyways. Hopefully that's useful for you.