(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

What's up guys, it's me, we've got Elijah here, Elijah is my best friend, we've known each other for like 7 years and business partner in The Faithful Cleaners. So we're just going to get into a call recording here from Eddie, posted in the school group. Let's jump in and see what we can learn and we're just going to break it down.

I listened back to it before so I've got some thoughts, Elijah here is listening to it for the first time. So we're just going to pause the call and break it down and see what we can do to improve. So here in the group, we're just going to go to Eddie and listen to this.

Hello, it's Werner. Hi Werner, it's Eddie Holbeck from Supermates Calling. Yes sir.

Hey, how are you doing? Okay, how about you? Yeah, I'm doing great. Anyways, yeah, I just wanted to give you a quick call, I saw that you were interested in getting that cleaned for your home. Is that correct? Yes sir.

Let me get my wife on the phone, okay, rather than me. Okay, hold on a second. Alright, just a quick note in the beginning that I'm realizing here is, I didn't catch it the first time, but our calls at an RBA, there's a lot more energy.

Hey, Colin here from Supermates, just saw you reach in. Versus a, hey this is Alex with The Faithful Cleaners. Is this Jared? Hey Jared, saw you reached out man.

So there's a smile, there's a bit more energy there, just a thought to start off, it kind of sets the tone. Hey Werner, let me get my wife on the phone, okay, rather than me. Sure.

Okay, hold on a second. Her name's Mary. Mary, okay.

Hello? Hi Mary? Yep. Hi, this is Eddie from Supermates Calling. Wait.

Did you hear him? Um, I'm sorry. Since contacting you, we've already got four other notifications on Facebook regarding service. Oh yeah, people direct messaging you or? Are people direct messaging you? Sound precious.

He didn't have any yesterday and today, he's got four already. Okay, alright. Okay.

Yeah, awesome. So what got you interested in reaching out for cleaning today? I don't have it. What do you mean by you don't have it? I haven't had cleaning service in quite a while.

Okay, alright. Have you ever had a professional cleaner at your home before? Well, professionally, yes. Someone who did it for a living, yes.

Okay. How long ago was that? Oh gosh, it's gotta be 15 years. Oh, okay.

So it's been a while. Is there a reason why you didn't continue service with them? That's a good question there. Right before we go into that though, I know you do this a lot.

Where it's like, 15 years? How long have you been in this place? Wow. Wow, you've seen things really take off around here. Yeah, it's... In the beginning, it's really helpful to make it a lot more about connection with the person than just about, like, business.

So if you can find anything to talk about besides cleaning in the beginning, that's usually what you should do. So yeah, if someone talks about they've been in their house for a while, talks about, oh yeah, he caught me at work, but I've got a quick second, or I'm on lunch, or whatever it may be, oh, are you having for lunch? You know, just any sort of connection element you could make outside of just business. It's super, super helpful just for the rest of the call, and for the rest of your relationship with the client, honestly.

Like, the relationship with a friend is going to be much different than a relationship with just a business. So if you can make them your friend, if you can become their friend, it's going to be so much better than if you're just some business to them. So, connection is really huge, especially at the beginning.

I heard someone say it's kind of a little bit cheesy, but they're like, I will not pitch anything or sell anything until I've made them laugh first. Like, that's their, like, you know. And then there's an acronym, M.A.F.H.A.L.F., which is make a friend, help a friend.

That's the core of sales, is make a friend first, and then help a friend. You know, and if you're not the right option, then you're not the right option. But make a friend, help a friend.

So he just asked, Is there any reason you stopped using them? Yeah, I didn't want to do it anymore. Okay. Well, what's changed? I'm getting old.

Okay, all right. So you had a cleaner before, and it was just because you were looking for maybe convenience, and now it's just too hard for you to kind of keep up? Correct. Okay, all right.

Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, I mean, can you tell me a little bit more about your home? I mean, what rooms are important for you to get clean? Just about everything. Okay.

It's a 3,300-square-foot, two-story. Okay. Yeah, well, I got to see those, man.

I was just kind of curious if there's any specific rooms that are very important for you. I mean, do you do a lot of cooking? Do you find your kitchen to be very important? Do you find that your bathrooms need a lot of cleaning? I mean, is there any specific room? There's only one bathroom that needs a lot of cleaning. The other three bathrooms don't get used.

I think there's not really, like, a clear direction with a lot of the questions. It feels like we're kind of just feeling around and asking whatever random questions kind of pop in our head rather than confidently leading the conversation in one specific direction. I don't know if you have a script or not or what that looks like for you.

Maybe some other question or script thing, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it just seems like there's not clear direction, and, like, the questions are almost like putting the client on, like, the defensive, you know? It was almost like—I know this wasn't the intention, but it was almost like the question was, like, accusatory of, like, you know, is there any reason you stopped working with those cleaners or what's making you look for cleaning again? She was like, I'm getting old.

Like, what do you mean, you know? She was almost, like, defensive rather than, like, opening up to you. So I think either going about this script differently, because maybe it's a great script, or, I mean, just changing the script and going at it more confidently and guiding the conversation confidently in a direction where you want it to go is probably going to help out in addition to the connection in the beginning. Nice.

The way that we—I know right now you're poking around in this part of, like, is the kitchen important to you? You're kind of—you're basically asking, like, what are you looking for in this clean? The way that we go about that is when was the last time you had a clean? Have you had a clean before? Okay. And then we're asking, like, qualifying questions, but then the one that really guides us to where we're trying to go is a— it's a bit of a sneaky question, but a silly question. I know on a scale of one to ten, with ten being the dirtiest, where would you say your home is right now? Oh, goodness.

We just moved in. It's beautiful. There's a little bit of—maybe, like, a two or three.

I just want it sanitized. Or, oh, boy, it's been five years. It's got to be, like, a six, a seven.

It is. Ma'am, six or a seven, what makes it a seven? What areas are you thinking of? And, like, if they aren't getting it, it's like, is it because there's a bunch of grease? Is it this? Like, what's making the home a seven? Oh, I've got mud trapped. Because a seven to one person could be totally different than a seven to another.

A seven to, like, a hoarder could be, like, a hoarder's home. And a seven to a neat freak could be, like, their dog came in with a little bit of mud on the back door, and there's a little bit of clutter. So you need to understand what makes it a seven.

Well, this is what makes it a seven. So my kitchen and this, and I really want that reset. So that's how we poke around and figure out kind of where, like, what are we looking for here.

So I know that's your line of questioning here. Yeah, all right. Okay.

So, I mean, what would you feel would make a five-star cleaning experience for you? That it's all perfect. That it's all perfect? Uh-huh. I think Tone, really big here.

Mary is her name? Mary, crazy question, but, like, what would make this the best cleaning ever? Like, you call me after and you go, Alex, you're my best friend. I love you. Like, what would that look like for you here? And she's not going to hit you with the cold, well, it's perfect.

Yeah, it's good. She's going to be like, you know, well, you know, this, and my kitchen, and I really want this. Like, it's going to get her to open up, like Elijah said.

She's really, like, you're giving her really close, cold questions, so she's giving you close, cold responses. Yeah, and even if you do have to, because, bro, asking someone, like, what the square footage of their house is and how many beds and baths they have, like, there's going to be some boring questions you have to ask. I love to preface the boring questions by saying, yeah, absolutely, let me see what we can do for you.

I do have a couple boring questions I've got to ask you real quick just before I can get you a quote here. So bear with me, and then go into the questions. It kind of preps them, like, okay, he's going to ask me questions rather than just, like, starting to ask them.

They feel like they're getting interrogated and, you know, just not really sure what to expect. Whereas if you tell them, hey, this is where we're going in this call. I'm going to ask you questions so I can get you a quote, then they're along for the ride.

They'll be more willing to help provide some of that information that we need to give them an accurate price. Yeah. Yeah, the vibe I'm getting right now is, like, you walk into, like, an auto shop because you need new tires.

You walk up to the counter, and the guy goes, car, year, year. You know, it's like it's very, like, there's no energy. There's no personality.

And, like, Eddie, I've been on a call with you before, dude. Like, we're chopping it up. So having that personality come out on the phone is going to be really key for you and just sales.

Okay. All right. Cool. 

And then when are you guys looking to get it cleaned and done by? Oh, right now it's not until next month. Okay. So early, early February, maybe? Mid to late because we travel a lot.

So we won't even be back until mid-February. Mid-February. Okay. 

All right. Are you just kind of reaching out now to kind of get an idea of? Correct. Oh, man, where do you guys travel to? Like, what do you guys do? Do you travel for work? Do you just travel for fun? Like, do you have family? Like, great connection point right there.

Anytime they drop anything like that, you have to jump on it. Connections, not just at the beginning, you know. Whatever they drop, like, latch on it.

And you'll be surprised how long people will talk about stuff that's not cleaning when they're on a call for cleaning. I've had 39 phone calls. Seriously. 

And those are going to be like some of your best clients, right? Like, if you mess up in someone's home and you have a call like this with them, they're going to be like, I hate this person. I'm living in a one-star review. If you mess up, but you're friends, you know, the client's going to call you like, Hey, Alex, honestly, I was not happy about this.

And in response to things like, well, it's perfect, you know, in response to the five-star question, it's always so helpful to address the elephant in the room on the call. So if someone's seeming like cold or robotic with their answers, most of the time it is perfectly fine to say something like, Oh man, Mary, I feel like I'm talking to a robot here. You know, just like make a joke, something silly like that and address the elephant.

You know, if there's like loud noise in someone's background, like, are you standing in a wind tunnel, Mary? Like, what's going on here? Like, you sound really loud, you know, address it. You know, don't just like, I don't know, awkwardly sit there with it because it helps them see that you're human and you're not just running down a script. Yeah, it reminds me of Kim Hill, one of our clients.

She's been with us for a while. And the first phone call we had was just great. She's an older lady and she said, yeah, I travel. 

Where to? I'm like, why are you traveling? And we had this great phone call, our kids are moving to Washington. She travels so much because of her husband and he was in the Navy and this and that. And then come to find out, like, she loves hanging out on the beach and just throwing back some margaritas.

So the minute that she said that, I latched on. I was like, no, oh, where are you going? You taking me with me? You taking me? I know you're bad. I know you're out there doing wild stuff, aren't you? She's like, just like on the call the whole time.

Second time or third time we did our cleaner, our cleaner completely missed some shelves. She calls me up, we chat. She goes, Alex, your cleaners are lovely.

I just, I got asthma. I really want to make sure that they're hitting the dust there. Like, can you just make sure for me? I'm like, absolutely, of course. 

Yeah, no, they shouldn't have missed that. You know I'll take care of that for you. Chop it up for a little bit. 

No issues. Versus like a cold call like this. You missed the dust. 

I want a discount or I'm not going to. So, yeah. And then are you looking to have regular recurring service, maybe bi-weekly or monthly? Monthly.

Monthly? Okay. Okay. Is it just you and your husband? Do you have any kids or pets? Nope, just the two of us.

Just the two of you. Okay. All right.

Great. This room, right? Yeah, we have an office that you wouldn't be doing within the house. So, the 3300 doesn't really cut it.

And the three bedrooms don't get used either. So, they are just quick dust and vacuum. Okay.

You said you don't use the office dump? Right. Okay. All right.

Okay. So, let's just look at some pricing here for you. So, yeah.

What we can do is we start with a full deep clean to basically kind of reset the home to the baseline. And then from there, we would just do the standard cleaning every month. So, your price today for the deep clean would be $599.

With the discount, it would be $549. And then for monthly, it would be $449. Okay.

Okay. Would you like me to meet you on a schedule for some time? Or maybe a follow-up? No, we have to discuss this. Okay.

All right. What would you have to discuss? The cost. We have another house, a summer house, and it's bigger than this.

And we don't pay anywhere near that. Yeah. So, you already have a cleaner? At our other house, yes.

Oh. Why don't you just have them clean your house? Because it's 200 miles away. Oh, okay.

We also have a lake house. Okay. So, all right.

I appreciate your time. Sure. Yeah, absolutely.

We have to think about it. We'll get back to you. We don't pay anything about nothing.

If you're looking for a perfect clean, we guarantee. We offer a satisfaction guarantee, and we do a complete top-to-bottom deep clean. Okay.

All right. Thank you. Okay.

All right. Thank you, Mary. Cool.

I think overall, the biggest thing is just going to be confidence and fluidity that comes with time. It sounds like you're still kind of adjusting to the script and figuring out, I don't know, just how you want to sound on sales calls. I think that with more reps, it'll definitely help get confident and fluid with your script and just talking to these people because you sound really rigid and really maybe a little nervous, maybe a little unsure.

We do have a satisfaction guarantee that comes with our cleanings versus, Mary, actually we have a satisfaction guarantee with all of our cleanings. We guarantee 100% that you will be satisfied, or we will do what it takes to make it right with you. That's something that comes from calling more people, but also just practicing the script and rehearsing with yourself.

There's times when I'd be just driving my car by myself, turn the radio off, and I'd be imagining a call in my head. What if they say this? What do I say? What if I could try this line? Constantly rehearsing in my head, then I'd say the line out loud to try and get the right inflection, try and get the right pace, timing, whatever it may be. Good job not just letting her go at the end.

She was just like, yeah, we're going to have to think about it. You press, which was good. I probably would have asked the question a little bit differently.

A lot of the questions come across a little bit too forward or accusatory almost. Like, what do you have to think about? Or, why don't you just have those cleaners clean your home? They're a little bit too forward and accusatory. It puts them on the defensive.

Why questions should almost never be asked. You should almost never ask a question that begins with why, because that automatically puts them on their heels and like, wait, why did you do this? Why do you do that? Why don't you do this? It's like, now they're defending themselves. It's Chris Wallace, right? Yeah, Chris Wallace, Never Split the Difference is a good sales book there.

That's one of his teaching points. But, yeah, just rephrasing those questions a little bit, but definitely great job not just letting her go at the first sign of resistance. Keep pushing into the resistance and stay on the call as long as they'll let you.

If they'll keep talking, then you keep talking. You know, so that was great. But, yeah, just a little bit softer question.

So, okay, you guys got a thing about it. I totally get it. I mean, those are our best clients, honestly, the ones that take this seriously and try to find the best cleaners for their home.

If you don't mind me asking, what is your main concern here? Or what do you guys have to think about? What's on your mind? You know, something like that. Yeah, that's really good. Really good.

I don't know. Maybe it's like you didn't hear it or it was maybe your pricing did reflect it. And Eddie, as we're sharing these things, dude, and I know other people are going to listen as well, bro, we all have made the same mistakes.

We all have gone back over our calls, and I don't want you to feel like you're getting grilled or feel down. Don't feel that way at all. I know we're laughing and having fun and pointing stuff out, but we just the same way point at each other.

There's times I still jump on sales calls, and Elijah's listening. We're in the car together, and it's like, what did you think of that? And it's like, this is really, bro, you stumbled over your words so bad here. It's got to be more clear.

So I don't know if you heard this with her, but this is something that we take into account is that her and her husband are in this four bedroom house, and she made it really clear that just light dusting in the other three rooms, and you won't do this office. And there's only one bathroom you need to do. So that pricing for a deep clean is totally different than a four bedroom, four bath house with the kids living there or a toddler living there.

So you've got to really take into account these kind of things. So we actually, she went ahead and offered that. Many times when we get on a phone call with someone that's more elderly, they go, just you and your husband there? Yeah, just me and him.

Gotcha. So I imagine the other rooms, they're not being used, right? Empty nesters. Yeah, no, only the kids come and visit sometimes, but nobody's ever in those rooms.

I'm like, gotcha. On this first clean, do you want us to even touch those rooms? Do you want us to not go in there? Or do you just want a light touch-up in there? We'll dust and da-da-da. And they're like, yeah, it doesn't need a deep clean.

A light touch-up will be good. Or actually, you don't even have to touch those rooms. They are totally fine.

Boom. Drop the square footage. Drop the bedrooms off.

Drop the bathrooms off. Right? Because you're not deep cleaning those rooms. You're doing a five-minute, like, let me wipe the counters and let me vacuum in here real quick.

Right? So your pricing of $599, yeah, $599, way off for what this lady wanted. Like, if she called us, like she said $3,300, four bed, four bath, but we were only doing one bed, one bath, probably only cleaning 2,400, 2,300 of the house. And I don't know how dirty it is, so I'd ask her 1 to 10, right? What makes it dirty? Well, actually, we never cook.

I can't cook anymore. Or whatever it is. Is there a bunch of clutter? No, there's no clutter or anything.

Okay, so that first clean could have been, could have been 3,000. I mean, they could have been 3 or 400 bucks on that first one. Yeah, and like the monthly, so you pitched a $499 monthly, like monthly with her would have been one bed, one bath, downstairs and kitchen.

Like, we're talking, that's like a two and a half hour clean. Yeah. Like, that's a, on a monthly basis, we're looking at 170? I probably would have said like 180, 200, yeah.

Yeah. So, monthly recurring needs to be a lot cheaper than a one-time deep clean, or like a first initial deep clean for sure. Yeah.

So, I mean, her reaction was kind of like valid there. I was like, yeah, that's really expensive. I mean, obviously, it's different area to area, market to market, whatever it may be.

And even business to business, right? Like some businesses want to be the cheapest, and some businesses want to price themselves as like luxury, be higher. So, don't know exactly what you're going for there, but yeah, just something that we noticed. Monthly should definitely be a lot cheaper, monthly recurring than initial deep clean.

I think we do, oh, initial deep clean, but standard one time, and then it's like 10% on monthly, 20% bi-weekly, 30% weekly. Something like that, yeah. And the prices we just gave, like that was me, how did I get to that price in my head real quick? I'm imagining $60 per hour to clean is what I'm estimating.

And like how many square feet can we clean per hour? I know what we clean per hour on average. So, anyways, that's that. You got any final things here? No, I disagree with you on the part where you're saying that he needs to talk about the unused rooms.

Like when she's like, yeah, well, we don't have any, you didn't address it. So, you just kind of like moved past, you're like, oh, okay, then gave her the price. You want to like address every concern and everything I say, and you should like, basically everything I say, you should repeat it back to them on the call so that they feel and know that they're heard.

Because they want to be heard, they want to know you're hearing them clearly and serving them accurately. So, yeah, it's only the two of us, and we don't use three bedrooms and an office. I know you kind of asked a question about the office, but you want to say, okay, understood.

So, three bedrooms are not used, and we don't use an office. Repeat it back to them, and then say, okay, well, what we can do for you is apply a slight discount for those unused rooms, but yeah, like you said earlier, man, like we've all been there, we've all had lessons to learn. And I mean, we're trying to take the time to kind of pick on you a little bit here so that we can help you.

I could find plenty of things to compliment you for in this call. But if all we do is sit here and compliment you, then you're probably not going to get much better. So, don't take this like super harsh.

We just want to see you grow, and man, I know you can do it. I know you can kill it. So, yeah, hopefully this helps.

Word. All right, Eddie, see you Tuesday on the weekly group coaching call in school. And keep killing it, dude.

We're coming out with that price objection, the sales course stuff, and we'll just keep doing more live breakdowns like this. So, just keep giving calls. And then we'll upload our calls where we had to handle objections and how we did it with actual customers pretty soon.

So, specifically, like someone says it's too expensive or someone says I need to talk to my spouse and kind of identifying, for instance, like that lady will never call you back, which is not going to think about it, was not going to discuss with her husband. She hung up the phone and said, $5.99. If some are home, you know. So, anyways, it's coming out soon.

Happy to do it. And happy to share what's made us money so you make some money. Let's do it.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)