Explain it. So what you're going to do is you're going to go here, you're going to click this, and then you're going to get here, you're going to make your copy so you can actually edit it. So make a copy here. 

And then from here, we are going to explain how each part of this works. So you're gonna put your leads here, every single lead that comes in, I would recommend doing this daily, because if you do it weekly, stuff's going to slip by. So daily, at the end of the day, we're going to, as a lead comes in, let's be putting in the names, put here, we're going to put the date created. 

So I'm going to do 1 slash 20 slash 26 now. And then for okay, source. So whatever sources, so this is someone called straight from Google. 

You can say this one's LSA, whichever, whatever sources you get people from, like some people have bark, some people have just different ones. So you just edit here and change the, you know, source like by LSA, you know, and I don't have a website, then whatever, I don't know, everyone should have a website. But anyways, you put those there, if you know, like thumbtack shows me I paid $60 for this lead, then put that cost right here. 

If you don't know, like if you pay 500 a month for PPC, do not put the cost here, I'll show you how to do that later. So who took this is going to be who actually like sales wise took the sales call. So this might look like for most people, I have mine in here, but it'll be yours. 

Outcome. So no contacting, I never got in touch with them. Follow up being I got in touch with them. 

And I'm, I'm basically, you know, following up, I'm talking to them right now, they haven't told me yes or no. I just, they have not booked yet. And they have not said no yet. 

They have booked, of course, but declined would be that's too expensive. It's we're not going to whatever. So they actually say no, that's a decline.

And then unqualified would be, it's not when someone's too cheap. Because if someone's cheap, there are ways to handle that objection. Unqualified could be someone that's like, hey, I'm calling because I need my carpet cleaned. 

And it's like, well, we don't do carpet cleaning. So recurring here, if you book them to recurring, then you get recurring, if they cancel, go back through here, review, if they left a review, then hit here, if they can. So I'm keeping track of the sheet. 

So like, I might go back and hit this person canceled date of cancellation. And then notes would be notes on why they canceled. Or if somebody does not, somebody is not booked, then I like to make notes on why they didn't book. 

So for instance, somebody didn't book because, you know, they're looking for $100 budget, and they want us to $4,000 corporate house. Like I tried to sell them, I tried to, you know, maybe we can do the upkeep clean stuff, normal, whatever, but notes here. So notes should not be on every person and notes should not be on like, they want to book for Thursday. 

No, it's sales notes. Like these are on sales specifically. So transactions, we put every single transaction here. 

The reason we do this, and you don't have to do this, but the reason that we do it, is that at the end of the week, I'm able to see the pay stuff. And I can see what for that week, what each cleaner, like what, how long they work, and what we pay them. So for instance, a transaction here, look like, let's see like, so payday, so we do Friday payday. 

So our payday this week would be $4,000. Let me look at my actual sheet real quick. Okay, now, so we put the date here, I guess, didn't put the name of this, should be date. 

Okay. So date, oh, that's leads one. Transactions, come on now. 

Okay, here we go. All right, so date here. So we got one slash 21 slash six.

This, let me see if it auto-populates. Yeah, I think we put it here. So whatever your payday is, I'm going to pay them for this clean on 26. 

And then let's say, you know, this cleaner did this, and they were at this clean for an hour and a half. And their pay, this is the pay that they get, is $70. And tips, you know, somebody with tips also keep track of that. 

This is any notes, if something happened, we need to take away pay, increase pay. Notes, we only do if we have an adjustment, like why did we have to put a note, like someone, for instance, we paid extra gas to go somewhere. So we made an adjustment, I made a note, I paid them gas. 

So this right here, I'm just going to just copy and paste this to the next one. So you can see that this will add up. I put 926, this is 126. 

And so here's 126. So then when we go to paste up, we can see the on 126. So that pay date that I put for these transactions here, it shows up in here. 

And I can see, oh, she did these two cleanings. So I can see here, Kelsey and let's say, Bob's home. And this one was a move out, and she spent four and a half hours and this is $200 pay. 

Boom. So now we go to paste up. And I can see that that you see how that just automatically pops up here. 

And I can see how much of the net pay is right here, how many total hours she worked. And yeah, I love this because I do this every transaction that happens this week goes into here, I could see how many hours it would take, what was the pay and that sort of thing. So this is completely optional, book and call and other ones can do this, but that's we do it this way. 

So lead analytics. Um, from the leads here, the lead analytics will get automatically populated. So for instance, LSA, who took her, let's say, like, some tack, and this leader was $60. 

I took it, the outcome is I booked them. And then let's do the same thing here. And let's say like one was from let's say they're all I looked on and then as well as a follow up, and this one was a $50 one. 

Okay, so in lead analytics, I can see, I select the month. And I see I want to go to this month. And I can see there were Alex, me, I took three leads. 

And I booked two of them. So my closer at 66.7%. Total qualified just means that if a lead was unqualified, I'm not really gonna count it against a close rate. So if this leaves unqualified, then right here, you know, it says 66%, but really qualified close rate. 

And you can see here automatically populate. So thumbtack, I spent $130 in sheet just means that I put the cost here. If it's not there, then you need to manual spend.

Manual spend will be one slash one slash 26. So the period starting you want to spend manual spend is how much you spent on the soul. Yeah, so like, for instance, PPC, you don't get cost per you don't get you don't pay per lead, like thumbtack, PPC, you pay. 

So let's say I had, for example, I don't like this being here, you get the point, though, like these are all different. But let's say PPC here. So PPC, PPC, this one's also PPC, this one's also PPC. 

Let's say like, you know, you know, I took this one, you know, I took this one. Say that this happened over here, no manual spend on the PPC ones, because you can't see or no in sheet spend here. So thumbtack, you can see I spent X amount of money for this lead PPC, I can't see that I'm just, I'm just paying, you know, in the past, however long, like, let's do this for me. 

Google Ads, I'm going to go to my ads. Yeah, they do a monthly how much you spend. So I'm going to see that from look here from January 1, till today, so far, we have spent 1.4,000. So I'm going to go to my actual tracking sheet. 

I'm going to put period spent. So last time I did this, it was only 779. So we've got 1400. 

And so the period started. So starting one on January 1, I spent 1400. So then from there, it automatically puts it into here, let me put month, this month. 

So I'm looking at this month. So you can see it goes from here, and it puts it in there automatically, and then it breaks it up there. So that's how that works.

So then how do you know how much you're paying per lead? That would be here. So like, let's go to this sheet. So if I spent four leads came in, and we analyze so I can see the one slash one. 

You don't put thumbtack down here, because thumbtacks already in the sheet, I spent $300 in PPC puts it here. So I can see that from PPC. Remember here on this sheet, we had 1234 leads. 

Yeah, we had one of them booked, three of them booked, and one was no contact. So here I see $300 spent, I put in here, and we had four leads. And three of them booked, one was no contact. 

You have cost per lead, cost per qualified lead, because one of these leads was unqualified as well. So that's how that works there. So yep. 

All right, simple enough. Yeah, so that's how that that's how that goes. Yeah, really simple there. 

Week view. Yeah, I don't really need to look at this. But like, all it does is it takes like, here's the cleaner, here's how many hours I worked, and here's all the cleans that were done during that time. 

You can see multiple cleaners here, but really no point to look at unless you want to. It's just kind of a nice to have. But pay stub, this is where we look at. 

And then referral program. We like never use this, but just if you want to, it's just one of those things that's like, yeah, let me just put this somewhere, you know, so why not. So that is how the tracking sheet works. 

It is the lifeblood of your business. You can also see down here, certain things. So total ad spend. 

So we spent $170 in DumbTac right here. We spent $300 in PPC. So you can see $470 is a total. 

Total leads, total qualified leads, total booked, overall cost per lead, overall cost per acquisition. And then you can see close rates up here per person that's taking them. So that's how that goes. 

This is how you make, you know, not, this is, yeah, just the lifeline of the business KPIs and being able to, like if anybody shows me this sheet that they have, I can identify some things, right? If you show me the sheet and say I'm getting $8 cost per lead, but my close rate is 10%. Like you're, might be either really bad close rate and really good marketing, or it might be a really bad quality lead that's coming in. Are you running Facebook? Yeah, I'm running Facebook.

It's like, okay, well actually a 10% close rate on Facebook leads is like pretty typical. Like, and that's why you break up by the source. You know, how many leads are coming in from Google? If you have a 20% or 30% close rate from Google leads, then you have a sales problem because this rate, like this should be a high close rate. 

So that's why this is super important to see. So that way you can show this to someone like me and go like, okay, let's diagnose what's happening here because I know what these numbers should be. So yeah, that's the, how the tracking sheet works there. 

Boy, no.