Ben, what's going on, brother? Ben, can you hear me? Yo, what's up, dude? Hey, how's it going? Sorry, my mic was off. I've never used this app, and then it automatically exits when I adjust it in settings. Hey, good, bro.

How you doing? Not too bad, man. Just on my lunch break, I was painting some new build construction. And yeah, I just really want to commit to the whole cleaning thing, man.

I've already built it up, I feel. I just, you know, it's always good to learn from people who have done it. And you've obviously done it.

Loved your episode on the podcast. It's pretty insightful. How are you? Awesome.

Good, man. Good. It's a good day.

I love to hear that, dude. Tell me a little bit about where you're at right now. I'm thinking more people are going to join, but here's the thing about starting a group.

Yeah, someone wanted to come in. Here's the thing about starting a group that's really small. Is that in the beginning, this is what it looks like.

Where it's just like, hey, there's like one or two people. You know, it's like, there's a lot of like, so. Works to my benefit, so.

It is good. Courtney, how are you? Hey. Hey, good to see you.

Likewise. I was telling Ben the awesome part about being a week into launching is that this might just be us. Just us three.

I know Shane's going to join in about 30 minutes because he had something. But yeah, that's the fun part when it's not five people or eight people as we can just get really personal and go over specific things. So, of course, everyone's in different phase business.

So we'll bounce back and forth. But yeah. Yeah, this is cool.

This is fun. Yeah, it works. Awesome.

OK, well, we'll jump into it. And as people just get in, then they'll get in kind of the way I want to structure these calls. Thinking about it as many ways you can do it.

But I had a mentor. He runs a gas business. Three hundred million dollars has raised one hundred fifty million dollars in the past 18 months.

And when I was consulting with his company, the way we do things is just kind of round up. What are the highlights and what are the headwinds? Real quick. Like, where is everyone out in the past week? Where are we at? Highlights being the top three things like give me like this.

Awesome. This was great. And this happened.

And then headwinds would be. These are the things I'm facing opposition. This is what's a little bit difficult.

So that might look like we had our biggest sale day. We made pen sales. But it might also look like I got my website up, you know, depending on where you're at in your journey.

Right. So, Ben, highlights. What do you got? Just three things that are like, this is what's gone on the past week.

Highlights regarding the cleaning business. I'd say I've never used any of the tools like building up the Web site and Squarespace and just having to filter through everything and do it all on my own. To the point where it is like it's fully functional, operational, and I feel like I'm pretty good at that.

But then whenever it gets to sales, that's where I lack, you know, the capabilities. And I've seen that transfer across like multiple businesses that I've tried in the past. It's like I just like the structuring of a business.

I like the problem solving. And then when it's time to, you know, sell the product, it's like, I don't know what happens. Yeah.

Heard. I got you, dude. I'm usually opposite.

I'm like, I hate to set up. That's why my best friend is so much more technical than me. But like, I love to sell and I love to talk to people.

That's great. Courtney, where are you at? Highlights. Headwinds.

I did taxes today. It was lovely. Ten ninety nine.

Nailed it. Yeah, we knocked it out. At least you don't have to carry that anymore.

Right. Yeah, I don't. And I did it before the deadline.

So no penalties. Very nice. Yeah, we did sales tax today as well.

So what sales do you have sales tax in your state? What is the percent? We do six percent. And I just found out through, you know, this year that we have sales taxes in our state. So that was lovely.

OK, so we just went through this process. You haven't paid sales tax for the past. Yep.

OK, well, hopefully there's not like a red flag that gets sprayed by you paying it. But there is, at least in Texas, we went through a forgiveness program. So my partner, best friend, literally just went through this.

You contact someone and you go, here's a situation we didn't know. And they have a forgiveness. So you don't have to.

What we had to do is we didn't have to pay interest. We didn't have to pay fees. And we had to pay sales tax for the times that we were collecting sales tax.

But we hadn't paid it. So, for instance, first six months of our business, we didn't realize that we were supposed to charge sales tax. So we did not collect any sales tax.

Then about six months into it, so the past five months, we have been collecting sales tax. But we didn't realize we were supposed to pay it monthly. So we had to pay that sales tax back.

We didn't have to pay this. And we had no interest, no fees, because they were like, we forgive you. So you could fly under the radar.

The thing is, if you fly under the radar and you just start paying sales tax, then it's possible that they're like, no, you knew you were paying sales tax. Now you have to go back and pay all this other stuff. So keep me updated on that.

That is something, like I said, spent six grand on a course, and nobody told me to go sales tax. And that's ridiculous. That should not be happening.

So I'm actually going to make a freaking thing and make a note here. But no, they tried the forgiveness thing. They said no.

So we are the same. We have no penalties, no fees. But I won't have to pay back 2020 or 2021.

But I do have to pay back from 2022 till now. Okay. And that's going to be rough.

It's fine. I mean, it is what it is. We'll get through it.

We'll make the money. It's not that serious. Yeah, beautiful.

Awesome. Yeah, Ben, when you're setting up, dude, where do you live, Ben? I'm in Calgary, Canada. So GST here, 5%.

Gotcha. Okay. Yep.

Keep an eye on that. Okay. So give me, like I said, it was a highlight and a headwind, right? Like highlight is you did your taxes.

Headwind is you have taxes to pay. Okay. So the title that I had for this meeting, what meeting call was, how to deal with unsatisfied clients.

Really? I don't think that's going to be relevant for each of you. So we don't have to go into that. Ben, you don't, you don't have clients, correct? I've had a few, but not anymore.

Cause I'm just doing like the commercial painting full time. And then I'm not really focused on either ads nor like, you know, calling and selling in general. Okay.

And then Courtney, I know like, unless you want to go over unsatisfied clients, like you are great talker. You're just a great warm personality. So I imagine you don't really have too much of an issue with what do I do when someone's upset? But if you do that, we can go into it.

Thankfully we don't have too many unsettled clients. So I rarely deal with that. And when I do it, it's fine.

They'll live. Yeah. Okay.

We'll just go and get Courtney. We, I know we talked recently marketing specifically, Ben, what, have you spent any money on marketing? Did you try to do anything when you were getting clients? Sorry to cut you off. My initial idea was when I created the Google business profile, I had that, you know, I was incentivized with a $600 ad thing.

And that was my, you know, next step essentially is just trying that out. But, you know, here I am, you know, it's always better to hear which ads work, which, you know, channels work before, you know, I put my money into it. So that was my thought process of like giving that a try.

Yeah. It makes sense. Yeah.

And I know Courtney, you spent money in different areas and the ad channels that people say work and then didn't see it work for you. Other than Google local, but like I said, since they've raised their prices. No.

Yeah. Okay. So what would be the most valuable for you, Courtney, in that area of marketing that we can go through at this moment? And then Ben, you're going to just learn stuff from watching it.

But what would be the most helpful in the area? Is it going through setup? Is it like, have you tried thumbtack? Cause I can go through settings and stuff there and kind of show how we do things. That'd be nice. We already have thumbtack.

I already have reviews there. We have everything you need to get started on thumbtack. We used it before.

Yeah. But it's the price per lead that got way out of hand for us. Yeah.

So I'll show you what we do different here. So we spent six grand in our first two months of the business on thumbtack specifically. We learned about $4,000 into it that we did not make money on one time.

So when you go here to study, do you guys can see my screen? Right? Yeah. Okay. So when you go in here and deciding his job types, so we realized we were not making money on move out claims, post-construction or vacation rental cleanings.

And we were not making money. If you are doing the just once frequency. So those like this right here, any what? Yeah.

You can convert people to recurring later, but really you want to be dumping your money into people that are looking for second off to get free leads. So I'll show you. And that's really like, you can knock this down.

And honestly, we haven't seen much of a difference. I think recently we update cause it's like, well, we're not getting as many leads, but even if we're all the way up here, like we're still making, you know, it's another, you know, if it's a three bedroom, it's another $20 for a lead, but that makes sense to do over a long period of time because you have recurring clients that you get from this when you're targeting just recurring. This is the one reason why I will love thumbtack is because you are able to target recurring. 

No, I can't do PPC and target recurring. I can't do Facebook and target recurring. Whereas thumbtack they're asking people one time, this, this, or this. 

Okay. I'll don't send one times to us only send us recurring. And then on the budget specifically, you'll see this here.

So starting tomorrow, I'll do like a video on this or something. I already did one, but like showing this, maintain an unlimited budget to get 21 free direct leads starting January 21st at 11am. So I'm going to have 21 leads.

So starting tomorrow at 11am, the next 21 leads that come in are free. So instead of what is that average $50 a lead? What were you paying before Courtney when you're doing like $60, $70 a lead on average? Yep. You got it.

Ridiculous. So 60 times 20, looking at $1,800 in free leads. Okay. 

So the way to do this is, and they used to have another setting where it said, increase your service area to get free leads, like add this city or whatever to get free leads. So what we would do is we add the city and get the free leads. And then the minute that we added the city, then we just changed our settings back down to get right back to our location. 

And you got free leads. I know it's silly, but it works and it's been phenomenal and nobody ever talks about it. So it's something you're able to do. 

And yeah, that's how that works. But this right here, so what we do is like, Alex, I can't spend an unlimited budget like for three weeks to be able to get free leads. What you do is you'll get a card, like just an online card or whatever, but you only put a certain amount of money in that card.

So if you're like, I want to spend $400 this week on thumbtack, then load your card up with $400. But that card is the thumbtack card. And when you run out of money on that card, then it can't charge you more. 

Like it's just going to go like payment fail, like update your payment thing. But because this setting right here is still on, if you just keep it on, you're going to get these free leads. So I can't tell you how many times, like when we spent six grand that first month, it was like, all right, we need to pause for a second. 

Like we're spending a lot of money. We need to figure this out. So month three, month four, we would spend like $50, a hundred dollars, $150 a week.

And then we would put that on, like put that on the card, but keep this setting pressed. So that way it'd give us the free leads. We wait it out. 

And then all of a sudden, like, boom, we're getting tons of free leads. Like it's, this is, like I said, $1,800 in free leads is what we're going to get tomorrow. So that is a huge difference in your business, especially when you're under, you know, for anyone $1,800 in free leads is great. 

You know, there's people that do 30 K a month, 40 K a month that only spend, you know, $4,000 in marketing a month. So it's like there's half of your marketing budget free. So does that make sense? Sorry, I broke up there. 

Good. Okay. So the way to have this pop up as an option is that when you are setting your budget like set your budget for a hundred dollars.

And then when you set that budget and keep it there, then it's usually going to pop up the offer after a day, after two days and then like click the offer, do the thing, put the card where you can do a certain amount. It's great. Life hack.

It's huge. So that's what we do as far as thumbtack. Courtney, we can go over your Google business profile, but then you'll be able to glean from it because I know you talked about your GVP.

Yeah. I'm interested in the GVP because it's like organic. And as for a thumbtack, if I can just jump in, I don't, I could be wrong, but I don't think we have it in Canada.

No, if not, there might be some more like us-based Ontario. Where specifically in Canada are you? Calgary, Alberta province. If not, there's this one was the thumbtack equivalent in Canada.

Urban Tasker. But it looks like there's some other ones here. So try those out.

Really the thing is. I know there's HomeStars as well. Okay. 

What is your GVP? You would just put me to work, right? And that's it. Alrighty. Let's look here.

And I'm curious to see your competition. So some things off the bat that I can share with you. I'm going to show you mine just so you don't think I'm just talking out of my butt.

Okay. This is us. Profile.

So this looks great, right? It didn't always look that great. Actually I can't pull it up right now and my phone is dead. Okay. 

Before this. I don't think there's a way for me to go back. I just have screenshots on my phone, which is dead.

So before this, we're at about 30 interactions a month. And then the minute I put two things. So this is going to be a big thing for you.

So we're going to do two things. One is we're going to get an address. The second one is we're going to add house cleaning service McKinney to the name. 

I've helped other people do this as well. So for instance, we're going to add an address to your business. One, two, we're going to add the most searched keyword in your city name.

So right here, clean it maids is a sweet lady. She's actually about an hour away from me. She's in Fort worth.

She didn't have an address and she did not have this in her, her, her the name of her business. And so she wasn't showing up when people looked up house cleaning service, the minute she put an address, then it put a pin on the map and it said, this is the focus. This is where we're putting the pin.

And then when she put this in her name house cleaning service, then when people looked up house cleaning service, Fort worth, cause that's where she is. She shows up, especially when I'm searching from really far away. So it doesn't get the same results.

But when people are searching from right in this area, she's the one that shows up. So she's getting more traction. So she didn't even show up on the map. 

She's like page four before. So then her interactions thing, like the minute she did it, she skyrocketed. Just add it to your name and Google.

Yeah. So you have to get verified. You have to do a thing like I did the switch off.

You guys know jock in the book and call group. Then you're in the book and call group, right? Yep. Okay.

So you guys know jock. He makes a ton of videos. So help jock do this.

So we just used to be Sherry maids. Holy smokes. What did my screen just do? That's not being weird for me. 

Thanks. Okay. Sherry maids was just the name of his business before. 

And then I said, Hey jock, you should do this. You should get an address. So he went and got an address and then he went and put this in his name and he got more traction. 

He had people calling his business. He had people finding him and it's totally free. Now the difference between you showing up at someone else showing up looks like, okay. 

So a video I did on that, like I'm just covering this. But a video I did that is specifically this. And I want you guys, as you have questions to ask me, so how to get free leads from Google, that's this video.

So I go more into depth showing like this specifically. Let me turn the sound off here. I go through the search factors, all those kinds of things.

But you can literally see how your business ranks in the area. So for instance, right here, when somebody looks up, it's the keyword here. Let's just look here real quick.

When someone looks up housecleaning service, that's what this is showing. They, my business pops up second, right here. It pops up first, right here. 

First, right here. First, first, first. So somebody standing right here and searches, then that's what shows up first. 

Like right now, if I look up a housecleaning service, I'm going to show you how this looks here. So this is where I'm talking about where people show up first. So this is a paid ad, but these, they're not paying to be here.

These people have optimized their, they have a bunch of reviews. Number one, they've optimized their SEO. They've optimized their profile, which is what that whole video goes into.

Now, if you are just surrounded by a bunch of people with stupid amount of reviews, like right here, then you're not going to show up. But what you can do is you can find a spot. So all of these have hundreds of reviews, but you can find a spot like we did right here, or when I search housecleaning, housecleaning service in this area, let's do search this area right here.

We're the ones that pop up first. Why? Because we've optimized it. Cause housecleaning services in our name.

These people don't have housecleaning service in their name. These people don't have housecleaning service in their name. These people, Oh, so they have housecleaning service. 

They didn't have it before. So probably stealing it from us. They don't have housecleaning service.

They don't have housecleaning service, housecleaning service, housecleaning service. So even though that some of these cleaner vibe, Hazel's cleaning service, they have more reviews. Ours is what shows up because we have the literal thing, housecleaning service in the name. 

So this is super key. Not to mention, notice how everybody here has an address. Like these are the people that are showing up at the top have directions, meaning they have an address. 

The people that aren't showing up, they don't. So right now you don't have an address. So you're competing against all these people with addresses right here.

I don't. And I looked into it a little bit as well. Like one company that keeps popping up, they started about like five, seven years ago.

They still don't have an address. They're a service area business. When they have a bunch of reviews.

So they have a pin, then that means that they technically got an address, right? So like, for instance, if I go to right here and I look up coworkers, you go to their Google business profile. There's like no address within the little, okay. What's their name? It's tidy touch.

But then Chad GPT said something along the lines, like once you build that authority, like they will give you a pin without it. I guess. Yeah.

Oh, I found it down Southeast, like down by that corner. Right here. These guys study touch painting.

Yeah. Yeah. They don't have a pen.

You don't have an address. So somebody, even though they're huge, they're a service area business. So like if you put your address like right here and you got some reviews, even though they have 336 reviews and they've been around for so long that yada, yada, yada.

If somebody from right here searches housecleaning service and you have housecleaning service in your name and your address is right here, they're going to see you. Even if you have 10 reviews, because they're searching so close to where your address is. Now, the more reviews that you get, the wider of an area and the more optimized you are, the wider of an area.

But you can beat these guys out because I look up housecleaning service here. I agree. Notice how they aren't the top because they don't have a pen.

All these right here, they all have pens. It says directions right here. It might be at the top where I'm searching from because their address, like the pen that I saw, is like within my neighborhood.

Which is like far southeast. Gotcha. Yeah, through here.

I mean, sometimes they can just show up. Like it was right in between the bottom two, right? The one on the way bottom and the one on the right between them. Lower, much lower.

Like around here? More underneath, more, more. Yeah, in there. If you zoom in by that little, yeah, that red one.

If you zoom in on there. So search this area. The hospital sign, you see the H? That's where they show up.

Gotcha. Like where that lake is right above the H. I would bet you I'm not gonna, I bet you I'm not gonna find them. Yeah, I'm not gonna find them.

Because they don't have a pen. So, yeah, I don't know why it's showing you that, but they don't have a pen, they don't have one on their profile. So do you put your exact address? Because we have an office address.

Okay. I don't want people thinking like you can just show up, because it's not that kind of office. Yeah.

So do you just, do you put a random address? No, so you're very strategic about it. So let's go to yours. Made to support.

Made to work. Okay, we are here. Okay, so where is your, where's your office at? Is it in this area? So our office is Bridgeport.

So if you zoom closer to Kingaprasha, like to your left. Yeah. Okay.

So we're right there. Yeah. So we're right there.

But our customers come from Kingaprasha, Conchahawken, like the surrounding areas, not Bridgeport. Gotcha. Your ideal customers are from... The surrounding areas.

Okay. Like Conchahawken is definitely number one for us, which is right there. Okay.

Right here. Yeah. Okay.

Gotcha. Okie dokie. So look up house cleaning service here.

I can actually put up with the Falcon. Should have enough credits to be able to run them on your account. Okay.

Yeah, we can do it. Cool. Let's do it.

Why not? Do we need a local Falcon for this or can we just go? Yeah. Local Falcon is just me analyzing. It's not me creating or changing anything.

It's just an analysis tool and there's other ones out there. So. Work.

Yeah. The whole video in the group is on this specifically, but I want to just tailor it to you. So this is the center of your area that your GBP is in.

Is what that's showing. Let me just confirm. That.

To work. Here. And.

Take me there. Let's go. Now.

That's funny. What's that? I said, it's funny that it says Horsham and we don't even go into Horsham often. Yeah.

So what this does is it spreads your presence. I'm having one pen and dropping it right there and going. This is where we are.

It treats it as well. They're all around here. So it's kind of like a watered down.

We're all over this area versus we are right here. And it's strong right there. That is showing.

Yeah. Meaning being the center there. So.

I can go. And show a previous scan. I can show you like a before and after.

Of. So when we get flagged, if I put like made to work, you know, slash house cleaning service slash. Concha Hawkins.

Like, do they still have to send that whole pin through the mail stuff? Or I can change it because we're already verified. So. We're just adding.

So verification looks like. Okay. You say that your address is here.

Your office is here. Show me proof of your office. And so what you do is you get on a live video call.

And so I talk to a live support rep. And then you get on a video and go, hey, here's our office. And they go, cool.

I'm going to take some screenshots. Can you show me you accessing? You know, can you show me your thing that has your business name on it? Can you show me this? I do a whole video on this, like how to do it. That's in booking Koala group.

So let me make a note here to. So would they verify like if you had a hot desk as well within a co-working space? Because like offices go for like 400 bucks a month. Yeah.

If you ask the co-working space. Let me write this down. Share the video.

They. I can answer that for you. What hot desk do you get a place from? Like, what's the name of the place? I mean, it all depends on the area, right? Which I'm trying to get a co-working in Calgary.

And you go to a place like this. Yeah, go to their website. They will oftentimes literally tell you.

That you can. So that's a dedicated desk, right? You don't need a dedicated desk. What you need.

Is where they can mail. What's that? It's where they collect your mail. Like, he doesn't need an actual physical office.

They just need the service of collect my mail. Yeah. So you.

What I would do is I'd reach out to them. It says collect your mail. But also Google wants to see like, hey, I want it to.

I want there to be an office, not just collecting mail. Yeah. P.O. box doesn't work.

I even called them. They said it doesn't work for Google verification. And as well on Google.

It says that literally like P.O. boxes. You can get. You will get suspended.

Yeah. So you don't do P.O. P.O. box. You go in these places or just say it right here.

So business street address right here. You can see it. Just go back.

But you get a business street address and you don't this one. Usually they just go virtual membership and you go in. You can use stuff.

The virtuals don't work either. I've asked them. Right.

But here's the thing is that I'll show you ours. For example. This is the way that people sell it.

And this is what works. And this is what everyone I've done this with does. So you go and you can see that they offer a business address or a virtual office.

And so they offer business address and it's technically a virtual mail pro plan. But you get a business address and then they it's not a P.O. address. It's a physical like it's an actual address.

And then you go in and you tell them, hey, I need to do my Google business verification thing. So you go in. What if I need a business address? I mean, if this address improves a GMB verification, a legitimate business address is essential for setting up and verifying your GVB.

So like you literally go and tell them I'm trying to do my Google business profile and I will call places like I've called multiple places. Do you guys do Google business profile? Can we do the video in there? And they're like, yeah, when you sign up for a virtual, then we'll give you a mailing address and you can use this office for the Google verification video. And then we put like your suite number.

And then once you're done with the verification video, then we take it down and you're good to go. So because Google will approve you on the live video call. So that's how it that's how it works.

It's how you actually get an address, even though you don't want to get an office. Now, I have an actual office in one of my locations. My other location is is not an office.

It's a virtual address. And I don't know a single person that this does not work for. You have to reach out to a spot in your area.

So like here, if you're ideal customers corner you're in here. So let's look and my co-working space Regis, unless they have an actual location, because a lot of Regis is they're like, you can do this. But.

I will visit software space, so you would actually call and say, hey, can I do my Google business address in this location? Let's look for another. And then I can cancel or do I have to keep it? So if you were getting mailed there, you want to keep getting mailed there. American executive centers.

Like these people, I see that virtual offices, virtual office pricing plans. OK, so this is one right here. So prestigious business address.

So you are going to get a virtual address by signing up with these people. And when you reach out to them and you go, hey, I'm going to do this. I can come in and do my video.

Right. Like I can. I would call them right now and say, hey, can I come and do a video by signing up? And they go, yeah, we'll help you through that.

Like a lot of times they can they can't help you through. I just recommend like I made a video on exactly what to do. So I just follow that.

You don't need their help because sometimes people will charge you like, hey, we'll help you through for an extra three hundred dollars of what you need to do that. It's like they're it's not hard, but it's. Yeah.

So, yeah, I've called the Regis ones myself and they said that, you know, I couldn't do the Google thing. You could not. Yeah, it was Regis in Calgary.

As Regis, depending on what location, like Opus Regis, some HQ places. There's other ones that they put a they have P.O. boxes in this little spot, but they don't have an actual office so you can't go in and do the video because there is no office to do a video and it's just a bunch of virtual receiving mail to that place. So, yeah, that's that's how that works.

So sometimes it's a little like a suite, like they have a suite in a big building and they say, hey, we have 50 P.O. boxes here. We'll receive your email for or receive your mail for. But then you can't come in and do a video in there because that doesn't work. 

So that's why I got to find a place. What if there isn't even like a co-working space within the area we are trying to target? I think if there's not, then I would go and talk to people. I'd find a spot.

I would go and get a office like, hey, tell someone, like, hey, like, I want to get I want to rent the space for a day. I want to rent the space for a month. The thing is that like your mail is going to go there.

So it's like it's best like you should be having a place like if you put your actual LLC address, you don't have to put your LLC, but my LLC is like at the place. But you technically like you could just like pop into House 831 and rent a room and do your thing and then get verified. They say yes.

And then you that's it. You have an address there. But there's places that offer the service and will receive mail and such, which I would put your LLC and stuff there.

So if we change that address later on to like, you know, a mailing address for other things, will Google kind of figure out that, you know, their Google business address doesn't match all your other registered address where the mail actually goes? Google has no connection with the government. If you're talking about how they're being registered anywhere like they are. Yeah.

Yeah. There's no like Google's checking something. Google is just this is what the live video verification looks like.

You know, a call and you go, hey, I want to verify my thing. Great. Can you show me your Shane? Do the GBP.

Shane, what's up, brother? Hey, hey. Good, bro. Hey, did you when you did the Google business profile? Yeah. 

You look yourself. It's true. Was it pure space maids? Yep.

OK, did you end up getting addressed or did you just change your name so far? I don't understand the name. OK, so literally you just change the name and then that was the only thing you've done so far on it. I just changed the name and about like a week later, I had a call come in.

And they found out. OK, yeah. So you're a service area brother.

We need some more reviews here, Shane. Come on, brother. I know.

Oh, I know. I've been stuck on the LSA and dump truck. I know.

I know. I follow up with every customer trying to get more views and they say they'll do it and they just don't do it. It's like I do.

I like make you do it. It's so weird. I had to clean today.

The guy sent the money, but I can't get in contact with them to get the clean done today. But he sent the money. But I can't call him. 

I texted him. I'm like, can you send me the address to get the thing done? Some people. So two things.

One, we want to get your address. We've got to figure out where to put the address. But just by changing the name, you had just a bunch more people.

What was it like before? So you had nothing happened in the GBP. You were getting no leads or anything. You put the name and then you were literally getting calls every day.

Right. Correct. Yeah.

Like about a week later, it's like a week. I don't know if it was just because it took a little while. Yeah.

Yeah. So like a week later, like call started to come in. I might have hit like I had like two calls the next week.

Like we didn't even start running any advertising. But like two calls came in. Pretty sure I got one first recurring clients monthly from there.

Yeah. Yeah. The next thing for you is as well as going through and saying that we have in the.

We are having the group is getting you an address specifically. You have like no competition. But putting you an address because you're going to be like centered.

But anyways, the process for getting an address looks like finding a coworking space that's going to allow GBP for you to do that. Once you find a place that's going to allow you to do virtual address and do the office, then you're going to like schedule time. You're actually going to go in and you're going to tell them, hey, I'm doing the GP.

They'll give you like an office space to do it. And then once you get on the live video call, you literally are just going to they're going to walk through like, OK, show me the like show me your office door. So I would literally like show them like the outside of this office door.

My logo of my business is on there and my suite number is at the top. And then the business name needs to match exactly. So it doesn't say the faithful cleaners outside my door.

It says the faithful cleaners house cleaning service prosper, because that's what my business name is on Google Maps. So then they they take it like you to hold your camera and then you hold it there and they like screenshot it like, great, thank you. Like, can you show me that you have access to this office? So they're like, OK, would you open the door halfway and take a picture of like your hand on the door and the door open halfway like screenshot? And then they like, OK, can you show me your like the office space and you show them this little room right here and like they're like, boom, screenshot.

Great. OK, you are going like I'm going to submit this and get you verified. And then you sit there for five minutes. 

It comes back and says, all right, you're all good to go. You'll see the changes reflect in the next five days. And why not? Like it's it's really that simple.

And then you have leads that are coming in. I mean, Shane's getting leads just from changing the name, which even more will happen from getting the actual address to the point where we have so many leads have come in from it. We went and got another TVP like I have two locations because it's free.

I mean, you have to pay the place like seventy dollars a month, but like the amount of money you make from it is just ridiculous. So the hardest thing is like I have to build this one up to get more reviews, whereas this one already has reviews. So now I'm going to start a third and go here because this would be a great place for us.

But I have to start from zero reviews to make another one. So that's kind of the somewhat tough part as far as getting reviews, because that is going to be key for all of you to do that. What we do, I can share this.

It's going to be our SOPs right here. OK, post clean and that one's in progress. Where is our post? OK, customer post clean strip.

So this is what we use. And just make a PDF and export it real quick. Is there anything here that shouldn't be? No, everything's good there.

OK. Export. Export.

Go to school. You guys should start using this ASAP. Biggest thing is that you want to get more reviews.

Yada, yada. I'll fill that in later. Sales call one pager.

Where is the... Do you have so many tabs open? Is this so anxiety inducing? OK. Export please. Export.

What we do is that when somebody when we clean someone's home and the first time after we call them and we go is everything we do. Hey, this is Alex. I'm one of the managers here.

Just want to check in. How did the clean go today? So if everything was good. Awesome.

I love to hear that. I'll make sure Hannah knows how awesome it went. We're always wanting to work better. 

So I'm glad to hear that she took really care. She was really nice. How would you rate your clean today? I rate it five stars.

Awesome. Like, would you mind? It takes 30 seconds. Would you do me a favor and just leave us a five star review? Oh, yeah.

Yeah, I totally will. Awesome. Thanks.

You mentioned Hannah by name too. She gets a bonus. So it means a lot.

So just give me one second here. OK. I just sent that link to you.

Did you get it? Yeah, I just got it. OK. Awesome. 

Thank you so much. Thank you for taking the time to do that. It's so fast and really it makes a big difference for us.

So God bless and we'll see you next time. I'm going to whatever. But send them the link while they're still on the phone.

It is so hard to reach people because like it's just so hard. But the thing is, when you're on the phone and they said it was awesome, it was five stars. I love the girls.

Then you go. Awesome. We love them, too.

Did you get the link? I'm sending you the link right now. Like, do that. Like, mention them.

They get a bonus and it's like they feel committed when you have sent it. Like they have no excuse when they say, yes, I'll do the review. And then you send to them.

We're looking at it and you say it takes 30 seconds. Thanks for doing it. They're going to do it like that.

You have a much higher conversion rate by doing things that way. So if I can freaking export this, you guys can use it. But that is the hack is send them the review while they are still on the phone and make sure that they got it like literally go.

Did you get it? I don't go like I'll send you. I'll send it to you right when we get off the phone. Don't do that.

Like wait and say, did you get it? Because then they and you basically assume they're going to do it. You say, thank you for doing it. It really helps us.

We really appreciate it. You're going to get more reviews that way. So start implementing that because it's huge for GBP.

This is post. Does that make sense? Customer script. I've noticed that with payment as well. 

Like if you can get the payment on to like while they're on the phone. It's like key because like they'll say, oh, yeah, just send it to me and then hours and hours go by. You're wondering like, did they really want to like do all that? We were going to do your scan real quick.

So let's do your skin made to work. We're going to zoom out. You go seven by seven.

We're going to zoom out to. I already know this is going to look like it's probably going to look red. It's not going to look good.

And I can show it and compare it to what hours looks like. But the keyword here being people look up house cleaning service. Alex, how do I know that that's the most research keyword? What you can do keyword to a planner or a planner? I can go and see in your city.

You can do this too. You can see in your city what people are. What people are looking up.

So I'll show you what I mean. So in planning tools over here, planning, keyword planner, the city that you are in. Let's go like just go to like a big city right here.

It's going to go. It's like a big city in this area. Would it be Bridgeport? No, Bridgeport is like the smallest one.

OK. It's King of Prussia. Conjohocken.

So let's do keywords. We're going to do King's. I'm looking in King of Prussia.

It's 300000 people there. So I'm going to look in this area. I'm going to look up house cleaning by looking at house cleaning.

I can see what are the words that people are looking for. So right here, expand this. I can see that monthly 10 people are looking for house cleaning average monthly searches. 

So 10 people are searching for clean services near me, house cleaning services near me, house cleaning services, house cleaners, maids, home cleaners, all these things. What we have found is that the most research keyword is almost always house cleaning service like every variation of that. So you can see a cleaning company. 

You can look up home service. There's all these different ones. But house cleaning is just the one that covers the most and you get the most out of. 

So that's why we do that keyword. We want to optimize for what people are searching for. So house cleaning service.

And then we're going to run the scan. So in this area. So what's going to happen here is that it's going to give us a report. 

I'll show you our report. So right here, house cleaning service. So I was shown earlier, but when someone looks up house cleaning service from here, we're the first from here.

We're the first from here. We're the first from here. We're the first.

Even out here, we're the third. Everything under three is pointless. Shane, I showed them this earlier.

But if I look at house cleaning service, like if you're a number, it's like, OK, I'm fourth, not third. It's a really big deal because notice how this is sponsored. So it doesn't count one, two, three.

Only three show up right here to see the fourth. You have to open up more businesses and go through here. So if you're, you know, number five, you're really like all the way down here.

There's nothing special about you. The first three get more than 50 percent of the clicks from someone searching this page. The rest fight for scraps.

That's why showing up three is huge. That's why we spend so much money, not money, so much time being willing to set this up so I can look up what your scan looks like. Yeah, let's still go in there.

But that's what ours looks like. But you have to. Why would you have to to capitalize so you don't only go within a certain area, one company, but only go within a certain area. 

So no matter how hard I try, I look up ours, no matter how hard I try. This is our first one. I will never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever be able to show up right here.

The reason why is because it's too far. And when someone search house cleaning service, they're going as far as top three, like we might show up somewhere down below, but we need to show up top three. That's what matters.

So if someone searches right here, there are too many house cleaning companies in this area. And it's too far from this over here to show up. So if I want to show up over here, which I do, then I'm going to put a new one over here.

I'm going to put a new location, a new address here because this address, if I put one here, then this one will show up in the area. So you can see from here, this is like it gets worse and worse the farther out you go. So this was our new one, Prosper.

So this was so this was actually Frisco. This is another location. I moved this one side.

It's like we're first here, we're second here, but this is a small area. So we're fifth here, sixth year, sixth year. See how it gets worse the wider you go because it's further away from your pen.

So that's why I make multiple and we get leads from it. We did book someone yesterday that came in through our Prosper one that was up here. So Prosper.

You funnel them all to the same sorry battery. You funnel them all through the same like place, like the same funnel. Do you take them all through that one website? Do you have to change like multiple company DBAs or is it all one thing? Just copy paste open up different Google accounts.

Yeah, if you make a DBA, but really like it's just Google. Only thing Google is looking for is that name being the same thing as outside your door on that live video call. Like I said, the whole video I did on it.

So you can look at that. I saw that video. Yeah.

So you don't need the DBA. You don't like, yeah, like get a DBA. It's 25 bucks, whatever.

Your Google business profile name stays the same across all three. Let's say I changed the name of the city. So notice how this one is the name of that city I'm in.

And this is the name of the other city I'm in. Oh, so you do one per city. You can't like I can't have like, let's say two or three within Calgary.

You can. There's people that do like in big cities. It's like east this part or southeast this part or north this part.

You can. I'm just doing it because I know that when someone searches from this area, they're looking up house cleaning prosper because it's that city. If I was in Dallas, for instance, like mid Dallas, like, yeah, could I call it like old East Dallas here and call it West Dallas over here? Yeah.

But I could also call it Cockrell Hill or I could call it. So it's like Alex, which one do I pick? Well, this is where you go here and you check what are people researching. So in Dallas, are people looking up, you know, are people looking up East Dallas, West Dallas? Are they just looking up Cockrell Hill? You know, so that's what we do there.

So let's do the scan. The scans going to show here what you're looking like. Just kidding.

It's taking its sweet, sweet time. Come on. So you don't need to have multiple businesses.

You just need multiple locations, virtual locations that cost $70 per month. Maybe that if that. And all you have to do is get reviews in that area because it's just a different Google account.

It's not a different business. Mm hmm. That is a good That's crazy.

That's crazy. Right. And if you're opening it up in different areas like you would just like, let's say I'm doing it in Calgary, I just changed the area name.

But would that impact the keyword itself? Like, let's say if I put East like. No, you just want to put whatever in the title of people are searching for most, which is house cleaning service and then the city or the area. So it just depends.

Like maybe in Calgary, maybe it's. Yeah, like I would be surprised if somebody was like putting. Like, you can see based on other businesses around as well, like the big businesses, for instance, like Mary Mary made some those.

So a center side Calgary is the one that I wouldn't look at just like a small one. I want to look at like a big one. I don't even know if you have any, like, really big like franchises in your area.

Yeah. Hello, man. Hello, man is really big.

It's a huge company across Canada. There is these two guys running it. They've been very successful.

Yeah. And notice they have like they put addresses and there's a reason they put addresses made pro. It's another big one.

Mary made the Calgary north and southeast. Right. So there's ways that people like they know what they're doing.

Like they should like not should, but they could put, you know, house cleaning service at the end of it and they get more leads. But yeah, this is this is this is the way to do it. So many people have done it.

It's huge. It makes a big difference. And really, that's why when you look up someone as big as like a Mary maids, Mary maids doesn't need to.

They don't need to create the GBPs like their business runs just fine. They make these because they know that they dominate the area when they have a bunch of reviews. And this is a huge lead source like tons of people come in and find Mary maids like when someone is in North Richland Hills and looks up house cleaning service or maids near me, they dominate the maids keyword.

Gotcha. Maids near me. Molly made.

There's another one. Molly made is freaking huge. So just depending on the on the keyword.

So all these have made but like really a house cleaning service, different people are going to show up. We have absolute touch cleaning. We have looking in this area.

Look up here. We have tidy up. There's different people that show cottage core chaos.

When I second, I looked at maids and there are different people, right? So different people rank for different keywords. So like the match the address though, the what? The pin has the match name. So like he just changed his name and he already started getting leave.

Yeah, he doesn't have to change my name and then keep my address the same as my office address or it doesn't work that way. I really need to get a virtual office. Yeah.

So what will happen is they're going to ask to verify. So like for instance, someone that like when we did ours when we moved locations and put an address, I said we want to verify your address. Whereas for someone else, like we put an address and they didn't verify it and they were fine.

I don't know why sometimes it does or doesn't, but you would find a co working space and do a virtual address called before and say, hey, can I do my Google business profile video? They'll say yes. And then you'll go there, do that and get verified. So here's yours.

When somebody looks from this is typical with the area one is that in all these areas, like if you someone was standing right here and looked up house cleaning service, they're not going to find you. You're 20 plus, but over here, you're eight over here, you're nine over here, you're 17 over here, you're nine over here, you're 11 because you're so spread out and all of this area. But if you put your address right here and the minute you put that, you are going to see you're going to see all this light up green because you are putting that pen and it's going to radiate from that spot.

So when you get calls from when you get calls from your GBP, you often are going to get calls from the areas that let me show an example on my map. If I had a wide, let me give an example. We subcontract out to this guy. 

His name is Kiki's house cleaning. He does not have an address. Notice how he has spread so far.

This is like 50 miles, like probably more from here to here is probably like 70 miles. But here's the thing. He doesn't have a central area, so he doesn't get too many leads. 

But where he does get leads is the places where nobody else is. So there might be pens in Salina right here, like house cleaning company, house cleaning company, house cleaning company. When someone lives all the way out here and he services this area, then he's able to get that one because there's no other people around in this area specifically. 

Does that make sense? The problem with this is guess who doesn't want to go and clean all the way up here? He doesn't like doing it. So he hasn't put his address in. Honestly, I don't care if he does or doesn't because if he does, it'll save business from us. 

But now he's a good friend. He's just working 14 hours a day and won't focus on growing his business. He just keeps doing the cleans from other people.

But when he if he gets because he doesn't have an address and he's spread so thin, yeah, someone might call from up here and someone might call from up here and someone might call from up here. The problem is that each of these he's actually I know where he lives. I know where his maids are and they're all in this area. 

So he would have to drive so far. So I don't want to cast like a large net with your area. You don't want to say I do all this area here. 

That's not good because then you might get a call from that area. So that's why we if you want to hit that whole area, then that's why you do what we do, which is let's make one GBP. This is one area. 

I have cleaners that live right here doing this area. Now I have cleaners right here in this area. I want this area too. 

So the next one we're going to is this area. This one here I like has a lot of competition. This one here is just more poor. 

So I don't want to go to this area because it's not the ideal client. This one here is a bit further. But if I find a cleaner in that area, then I'll put one. 

But guys, the reason I'm bringing this up is because it's so crucial and it's so easy to do that. I have seriously considered just looking at places like your Santa Roses that don't have like any competitors because they're so small. We're just going to middle of freaking nowhere where there's like, there's just places that nobody is setting up their Google business profile, right? There's money. 

There's people that live there, but marketing isn't being done. If you literally just put like, like Shane has literally just make a GBP and put your name correctly. And the next thing being put your address right there, you're going to get free leads. 

So it's, is it the backbone of your business? No. Will it save you if everything else in your business is going to crap? No. We'll save a bad sales process, bad marketing, overall bad systems, bad cleaners. 

No, it won't. But what it will do is you, if you have good systems, you have a good sales process. You have good cleaners. 

Then you're going to get more leads from it. You're going to get a lot of free leads from it. So it's absolutely worth doing. 

So that is what I would say. I can show you guys the tracking channel. It's five o'clock and jump off here, but I can show you guys our tracking sheet just to show you Alex, like how well does this really do for you? I know this says all time. 

We actually only started using the tracking sheet starting like October, September, October of last year. I wish I'd started this sooner. This tracking sheet is now in school. 

So everyone should be using this. If you do not have a tracking sheet, it's right. I have a question for you. 

Is school by Alex Hermosi or isn't he like an investor in school? Yeah. So Sam Ovens made it and then Alex Hermosi created the school games, got invested. Two of my friends actually won the school games, Shark and Brandon Forbes. 

Crazy. But yeah, they yeah, yeah. Yeah. 

So this is our tracking sheet. It's in school right here. You just go to use this Google sheet to track your numbers. 

I wasn't used for full first few months. I didn't know what was going on. I just wasted money. 

So here, go use it. This right here is how it works. So very simply, I'll make a video on how it works, but we put all of our leads in here. 

We put up the status of them and you can see lead analytics. So from Google and web form, both of these are organic. This means someone found us through RGBP. 

We had what is this in the last three months of last year? Yeah. Q4 of last year, we had math, 115 leads come in and we booked math again, 67 leads and look at the close rates. People that call you from Google, the close rates are stupid high. 

So we had 67 bookings, 67 bookings in three months come in because I did this stupid thing where I went to a virtual office, put my address, put my name and got reviews and people started calling us because they we showed up to the top. Are there other things? Yeah, we should optimize your website. You should do SEO stuff, but that's why the video is there, but you should absolutely be doing this and it's free. 

Like, I mean, you gotta pay the virtual office like seven bucks or whatever, but go do this. This is huge. Like I said, in the past three months, this has been 67 bookings, not to mention a lot of those are recurring. 

A lot of those are recurring. So it's made us the most money. This is the most profitable marketing channel that we have spent money on. 

So the $70 a month. So anyways, I do a lot of yapping. I probably need to do it, but I definitely need to do a better idea of, uh, like on these calls, just kind of like focusing on you guys and going, Hey, what questions do you have? What do we want to go through? But, uh, it's kind of how I am guys. 

I'm a bit of a yapper. Here's what I do. Here's what's worked. 

Um, so feel free to cut me off and stuff, but are there any questions? Is there anything I can leave you guys with before, uh, we end it and I can just put stuff in resources and stuff. I may just quickly say I have 1% of battery. So if I do get cut out, I appreciate you guys. 

Thanks for being here. Thanks for your time. And yeah, it's all for me.

Good Shane Courtney. I'm good. That was actually super helpful.

So now I got to figure out how to get a damn virtual office, even though I have a real one, but it's fine. You're good. Uh, if your real office is where you want your pen to be, go for it. 

If it's not where you want your pen to be, move your office or just, you know, find the virtual office. You'll be good. Okay.

Word. Okay. All right.

See you guys. This is an awesome first call. Love it. 

We'll connect next week. All right. Take care.

Bye bye.