Trying to figure out how to get it to be on like speaker because it's really quiet. Yeah, it should be a setting in there to be able to put it louder. Yeah. 

What's up? What's up, Eddie? What's going on, Courtney? What's going on? Hey, yeah, going well. All right, just wait a minute here. Okay. 

Eddie, tell me how the past week has been. Uh, it's good. I actually just got my Google profile approved yesterday.

Well, that's freaking good, dude. Yeah, it took almost two weeks. So I had to send Google a few emails to get it pushed through. 

So I got a couple of reviews added. Right now I'm going through the LSA verification process. So I've got my background check completed. 

Insurance is uploaded. I just need one more review. I have four reviews. 

I need five at least, uh, to get approved. So, um, hopefully sometime later this week, I'll have that up and running. Awesome. 

I would help you out. Leave a review, but I have seen people just get flagged for that. So we don't do, I don't recommend asking for reviews from people that literally are not within like your same city. 

Yeah. Yep. No, I agree. 

Yeah. So I have a couple customers that left a review and then I have some friends and family that are going to be leaving reviews. So, uh, that should get me up to like, you know, eight or 10. 

So there you go. Very nice. Very nice. 

Courtney, how's the past week been? Good. Um, I've been sending the mail to the new address and we started getting a lot of, uh, leads from Thumbtack. Awesome. 

Um, have you gotten the setting yet on Thumbtack that lets you, uh, get the free leads yet or now? Not yet, but they actually officially just showed it to me. At first it wasn't showing up, but since we've been spending money with them, they actually showed the free leads, uh, promotion. Nice. 

Okay. How many, I'm just curious, how many free leads do you know that it offered if you do the unlimited? I didn't hear you. Oh, I said it says, uh, six to eight.

Gotcha. Six to eight free leads. Yeah. 

Usually there's more if you do, that's for the unlimited spending. Yeah. Okay. 

Yeah. It might be per area. So on Thumbtack for about like a week too. 

So. Okay. Yeah. 

Makes sense. Um, Rashawn, how are you doing, man? What's up, man? Doing good. You? Doing good. 

Doing good. Give me an update on this past week. Give me, um, something going really well and something, uh, we could use some help on.

Um, well going really well is, um, people applying, um, to clean. That part is going well. The other side, getting leads, not so well. 

Um, HVP still hasn't been registered. So I'm still waiting for that. Um, in the meantime, I didn't want to turn off, um, LSA. 

So I just turned down the budget super low. So I wouldn't get any incoming leads right now. I'm just waiting for us from rather the HVP to go through and then it's off to the races. 

So that's where we're at right now. Okay. Did you go through the get HVP approved module that's in the, um, the school that I messaged you? I did. 

Yeah. Um, I went through, you know, I read everything, made a form, submitted, uh, last night. So our fingers crossed. 

We'll see. Cool. Awesome. 

Rick, Melissa, what do we got for this past week? Highlights, headwinds, good things, bad things. Um, we did not have very good, much luck with thumbtack. Our thumbtack leads are, have been horrible. 

Um, we're very, we're just slow. It's just slow for this time of the year. Yeah. 

Typical. Um, let me show you real quick. Thumbtack. 

I know I was messaging Rick on this. I don't know if I ever made it super clear on getting the free ones, but, um, what we do here is, um, where is it? Performance. It's here now. 

Services. Alrighty. Yeah. 

Super slow. It's time to hear from a bunch of people. Um, I guess it doesn't show it right now where it's like the next 20 leads or whatever free, but, um, we've gotten leads and the leads don't cost anything right now, but you'll set a custom amount. 

And then when you set a custom amount of, uh, money, like you can put like $40, $50, um, after a certain amount of time, like they're going to, it could be a couple of days, could be a week, week and a half. They're going to say, Hey, if you put an unlimited budget, then we'll give you free leads. Now you press the thing to get the free leads, but you make sure like, you don't actually want it to just spend whatever it wants to spend. 

Right. So the way that we do it is putting the card, like putting a card where we can like, um, fill that car up and just go, Hey, we want to spend, you know, $80 this week on thumbtack. So then we put $80 on that card and attach the thumbtack.

Um, but you keep this setting on because by keeping the setting on for two weeks, that's how you get the free leads. As far as our actual settings for what we do in here. This is, yeah, we, we did. 

Um, we, we have to get a prepaid card yet. Um, our prefilled card, whatever it is called. Um, I, I did remove the one bedroom and the one bathroom on there. 

Um, because yeah, we spent $220 in one day, got four leads and they were all one bed, one bath. They were, it was terrible. I mean, it's not gonna, uh, just that, that mod that, that formula doesn't work. 

So, um, yeah, no, absolutely not. Yeah. If you're going to your managed lead prices, um, we have our super, super high right now because we, all of our leads are free. 

So I had it all the way up to the top too. And that's the thing, I had it all the way up to the top and I'm still getting one bed, one bath leads. And I spent $220 for four leads.

Yeah. So here, um, what I would do is I would be working my way from the bottom to the top because we spent, like I said, more than 10 grand on thumbtack specifically. And the way that we've found is that, um, thumbtack, like if you have it, you know, up here, you can end up with the same leads that you would have gotten at a lower price point. 

Um, yeah. So we start low and if we're not getting leads, we move it up. We're not getting leads, we move it up, but this time of year, just slow. 

So we just have it all the way up because, um, we're in free leads right now. So we want to make sure every lead we can is coming up. So, um, cool. 

All right. Um, Nicole, do you want to share, um, highlights and, uh, struggles of past week? Hi. Um, I was off Monday because, um, we just came back from up north. 

My parents live up there. So I, what day is it? Tuesday. So today was my first day coming back to work so far. 

So I had three cleans today and then an Airbnb as well. Um, the Airbnb is getting kind of just complicated. I feel like it's just, I have to go to the laundry mat before and after to drop off the, um, linens and then he pays for the wash and dry service.

Yeah. Yeah. We stay away from Airbnbs, honestly, for two reasons. 

One being that the turnaround time is so fast. Like someone can message us like a day before and go, Hey, I need you to do this. And it's like, that's tough. 

So the second reason we stay away too, is because you got to think about it from like, they're looking at cleaning from a business perspective going, I don't want to, like, I want to pay the least amount I can to get my Airbnb clean so that the next people would come in. Cause it's a money, you know, it's a cash generating machine for them. So they are not like, we don't, we've never had an Airbnb owner where we're able to charge what we need to charge for us to be profitable and for it to make sense. 

It's much better for us at least to keep like that space open so we can book someone who's going to pay full price in there rather than Airbnb. But when you're looking to fill your schedule, you know, then. Yeah. 

And it's a 40 minute drive for me. So it's kind of far. It's the only Airbnb I have. 

And like, he is a good client. So I am keeping it just for now, but eventually down the line, you know, I'm not really too sure what that would hold, but it is definitely a lot of work and changing sheets is not fun. Yeah. 

Okay, cool. Well, it's good to see where you guys are at. The big thing today that we'll kind of start with, and then we'll go Q&A and just kind of like where you guys are needing help. 

But the big thing today is that I'm recognizing in conversations with just about every cleaning business owner that's under like 20k a month is that they are, especially those that are stuck, have been there for a while. Nicole, I'm just going to mute you because I'm just hearing a little bit in the back, or if you can just mute. I'm just ADHD, so it's just distracting.

The biggest reason I see people stuck is that they, one of two reasons. One, they can't get leads. Two, they can't close those leads. 

I think it's really simple. I don't think that there's many people who have, they've got marketing down, they've got their sales process down, but they just can't have good cleaners. They don't have good cleaners or they're having a hard time being able to find cleaners or their systems are the reason. 

It's usually almost really like 95% of the time, getting leads, closing those leads. So I think the unique advantage that I had coming into when I started my cleaning business was getting leads and closing leads. Those were the areas that I was most confident in. 

That was easy because of the background I have in marketing and sales. The part that was hard for me was I would send someone to a 4,000 square foot deep clean for three hours and charge 200 bucks because I didn't know what I was doing. And that's obviously a recipe for disaster. 

So then it was, oh my gosh, I don't know cleaning and I don't know what a good cleaner is versus a bad cleaner. So I went and scrubbed and figured out what is cleaning and what do we need here? So my journey looked very backwards than many other people's journey where they know cleaning super well. They can clean top to bottom, amazing, people love them, great personality. 

They know good cleaner versus bad cleaner, but they don't know marketing and sales. So today, the big thing that I want to cover is marketing, what we're doing, what I've seen work for other people and how it's the philosophy of marketing so that you guys have a base understanding of what needs to happen and then we can apply specifically in the clean business. So we'll just go right into that. 

I think the best way for me to show this, grab my iPad, I could probably do it through there. So I want I can just pull up my tracking sheet. We'll do that and I'll share my screen.

The tracking sheet helps show what works and what doesn't work here. So let me do this and just also open the new spreadsheet as well. So there's very few levers I would say to pull here that's going to help you have profitable marketing. 

So these numbers are thrown out a lot, but they're really important. The cost per lead, the cost per acquisition, so PAC or CPA, cost per acquisition, and then your close rate. Very simply, if my cost per lead is like, this is how I'm able to identify. 

Okay, I'm gonna give you an example. I jumped on a call yesterday with Jack. Jack is, I think he's up in Canada and his business right now, he's getting $40 cost per lead. 

He's got great cleaners, but his close rate is 20%. And he's also, his average ticket price, I'll throw that in here too. Average ticket. 

So running through some of these situations, let's say that your cost per lead is, Rick, you guys had $220 and that was four leads, right? So cost per lead would be- 55. 55. So $55 cost per lead. 

We're just going to say for the sake of example, there are other bad leads. So I'm just going to say we have a 25% close rate. And then we just calculate this. 

So 55 times 0.25 to get 220. And if your, so it costs $220 to get a client. And if your average ticket is, a healthy average ticket is going to be like around the 300 area. 

But let's say your average ticket, because they're- 220 is our average. Okay. So 220. 

Okay. So it costs me $220 to get this client. And then $220 is what we charge on average. 

And the problem with this is that if we charge 220 on average and 50% goes to labor, and then another 20% overhead, the rest of the marketing expenses and such, we're left with not much ourselves, right? But we run through another scenario. So if we identify the problem here, looking at this, almost all of them are problem. Okay. 

So average ticket's low. We need the average ticket to be higher. The close rate here is low. 

If unless we're doing meta ads, meta ads has a lower close rate. But close rate, we run around 40%. And then cost per lead here is high for these. 

So if we run another example, this was the situation that somebody, the person I had on the call just yesterday was going through that they had a $40 cost per lead that had a 20% close rate. And then their cost per position was $200. And then their, I don't know why I just went there, and their average ticket was... Okay. 

So once you, and I'll just go profit here. I'm going to go profit is, you're profiting everything. So I'm going to say profit is 35%. 

Okay. Because you got 50, 55% you send to a subcontractor, and then you've got small red stuff, which is a profit is 35% of this, right? So 35% of 300, we're looking at about just about 100 bucks. Okay. 

So if I spent $200 to only profit $100, I really lost, right? So I'm going to say this is gross. You say this is gross. I'm not going to build out a whole entire thing. 

So really simply, this doesn't work. So I talked to him yesterday, he goes, something's broken. I think I need to go and get like, stop marketing, or I need to try a different marketing thing. 

And I was like, no, no, no. Your marketing is not broken. What's broken is your close rate. 

So if his close rate was 50%, he's closing 50% of the people that come in at $40, then his cost per acquisition would be $100. Average ticket of $300 would be actually 35% of them, so it's the same, 100. And then so he, this is break even. 

So this is his marketing cost right here. His cost per acquisition, I'll put this here as another label, marketing cost. And this is what he profited from the clean.

So this breaks out even, and of course you want to get people to recurring, right? So by looking at your numbers, specifically your cost per lead, your close rate, and also understanding your average ticket, then we're going to be able to determine what's going on in your business. So for instance, we can go through someone's right now. Courtney, do you, you're using the tracking sheet? Yeah, I am. 

Okay. Let's go through the tracking sheet and let's look at numbers and evaluate the health of each of these numbers. If you're okay doing that, sharing your screen.

Yeah, I can do that. If you guys aren't tracking, I'll show you guys right now, this is what our tracking sheet looks like. So every single lead that comes in goes here.

By doing that, I can see what our analytics are. So these are formulas and stuff that are, this is prebuilt. So if you go inside your school, you go to classroom, free resources, there's a sales and marketing KPI tracking sheet. 

Okay. So this is right here for you to use, copy and make your own, but we can't know what's wrong in your business. So that call I had with him, he was like, I need to go to different marketing. 

No, he didn't need different marketing. He needed higher close rates. We identified his problem as sales and we fixed sales. 

So I guess the basis of before you can figure out what problem you have is you have to be tracking everything. So right after that call with him, we're like, your problem is sales. So then I jumped on the next call. 

He's got a clean business in Austin. He's been stuck at 9K for about a year. And I said, let's see your numbers. 

What's going on? And he's like, what numbers? I'm like, well, what's your cost per lead? What's your code rate? What's this? And he's like, I don't know. And I'm like, well, Chris, I don't know how to help you if you don't know what's going on in your business. How am I going to know what's going on in your business? So he's not able to determine, is marketing my problem? Is my close rate my problem? And is my ticket price my problem? Am I not charging enough? Is that my problem? He's not able to identify the problem because he doesn't track things. 

So in business, this one, especially when margins are so tight, you can't willy nilly throw stuff out and just go like, I'm just going to see, but maybe kind of, I think this is what's working. So that puts you in a situation where you're not making business decision, you're making just guesses and you're just trying things out. So in this situation right here, I can see mine. 

We'll go over yours in a sec, Courtney. I can see my business for Q4. So this was October, November, December of last year. 

I can see that Thumbtack, we spent $1,400. I have to know how much I spent, how many leads I got to determine my cost per lead. So Thumbtack ended up at $15.64 cost per lead. 

Now I do another qualification here, which is qualified lead. So just because a lead comes in, doesn't mean that they're always qualified. Somebody reaches out and they say, hey, I want a clean for $50 or can you clean my windows? Or can you do my carpet? I'm like, that's an unqualified lead. 

The cost per qualified lead is this. Now how do we figure out cost per acquisition? We look at leads, we look at how many people we booked from those. So I know that for Thumbtack, we booked that amount of people, the 26% close rate, 30% qualified close rate, cost per acquisition was $58. 

We're profitable all day at this because our average ticket, they were profitable on the first clean from this, which usually your first clean in the clean business, you're going to be more so break even when you have marketing. By the way, I'm terrified of Thursday because we have literally 10 cleans on Thursday. I have no idea how my team's taking care of that, but it's going to be crazy. 

Our average ticket right here, let me just look at December, revenue per booking, but one time. So this is going to be like new bookings, our average one being 377. And then people that are with us over time, 211. 

If you're in booking quality, another really helpful number to note here is if we look at December, $252 average revenue per booking overall, but the average bookings per customer is 1.3. So this is kind of how we determine. So we do 1.3 times, I should say 250. So I know on average, somebody is going to spend this much. 

So this is why this is so important to know your numbers. So this is the tracking sheet we use. I know that when we spent back in August, we spent over $1,000 on Facebook. 

And when we looked at the numbers here, let's see if I can go back and find all time specifically. No, I didn't put the Facebook spend in here. I did this in a different sheet before we had this one. 

And our all time like spend on Facebook was we spent like 1200 bucks and we got like three bookings from it, but we got tons of leads. So I thought we were getting tons of leads. It's going well, this is great, but they didn't actually turn into bookings. 

So another thing with Facebook is like with meta is that the leads convert over time, they need a bunch more follow up. So you still need to be tracking stuff over a long amount of time because platforms like Facebook, you get a bunch of leads, they're five to $15 cost per lead, but then it feels like nobody's booking. But then three months later, you see that quite a bit of people are converting over time. 

So this is why tracking is extremely, extremely important. So any questions on tracking? Any questions on understanding? Like, we need to take our spend, we need to be able to see how much are we spending per lead? What's our close rate? Understanding cost requisition, average ticket to determine is our marketing profitable or is it not profitable? Any questions on that before we go into like actually breaking down Courtney's numbers and seeing like what this looks like and diagnosing where we can improve? Average ticket is how much they're charging the client. Average ticket is going to be how much you're charging the client just on average. 

So like if I was a roofing company, this is why cleaning is difficult in one regard is that roofing average ticket, where someone could just give like their average ticket, a business, we have to show it. But if the average roost costs $15,000, then that would be the average ticket. So if we were running this with a roofing company, instead of a cleaning company, roofing, we can kind of reverse engineer. 

So $15,000, let's just say $20,000 to make the number round and easy. Their average ticket is $20,000. And they have to pay, let's say 50% of that to subcontractors. 

And they have expenses and such, but our overheads are just like 50%. They can have a terrible marketing system, a crappy lead system and still make good money. Why is that? Because they could be spending $100 cost per lead. 

They could have a 5% close rate. And they spent $2,000 to get one client, but they made 10 grand. So their profit is still $8,000. 

What's difficult in this business is that your marketing has to be locked down. Like I said, this is why most people are stuck because you got to understand marketing at a foundational level to be able to go, okay, this is my problem. This kind of business is honestly easier to run. 

It's not like, oh my gosh, roofs. It's like, no, at its core, we're marketing, we're getting leads, we're selling those leads and we're fulfilling the service. At the core, it's very similar to cleaning, but it's easier to run marketing for a roofing company because you can spend so much money. 

There's so much profit that you can spend so much money getting just one client. Go ahead, Eddie. Yeah. 

I was just going to say, this is why organic marketing is important too, because it helps to bring down your cost. So, I mean, if you're spending $40 a lead, but half your leads are organic, you just cut your lead costs in half. Exactly. 

So, that's this number right here for us. So, in Q4 of last year, we're looking at, we spent $3,000, but we had a total of 245 leads. So, our total overall in the business cost per lead was only $12. 

And then you can see our total close rate. How does that work? Well, right here, we want to track different sources. So, this was PPC, this is Thumbtack, but right here, these were all free. 

So, this was 119 leads that were free. They came from organic marketing like Eddie's talking about. And out of these 119, 70 of them were bookings. 

So, you can see our cost per lead, nothing. Our cost per acquisition, nothing. And this is where we got most of our, we got 119 from here, almost half and half.

Right? So, this is why getting this like, Alex, how do I get free leads? We get free leads from doing the Thumbtack thing and that counts like in Thumbtack. I think I can show here the exact number of, we got 51 free Thumbtack leads. So, out of our 90 Thumbtack leads, 51 of them were free.

So, that's what helps our cost per lead for Thumbtack look smaller is because half of it's free. Then these right here, Alex, how do I get Google web form? What are these? This is your organic SEO. So, house cleaning service, McKinney. 

When someone searches this, this right here, this is organic. We're not paying to be here. This, we are paying to be here. 

So, sponsored. This is PPC. So, PPC has been wonderful for us. 

You can see here, it's been $1,500 for $50 cost per qualified lead, $100 cost per acquisition. But this is why this is important. This right here, $43 cost per lead. 

What if our close rate was only 15%? That'd be a problem. We would not be profitable running this if our close rate was bad. This is why you want to track everything because I know that this 26% close rate, it's not great, but this is a lower quality lead source. 

So, if we're running Facebook, we would have here $4 cost per lead, but we would only be closing like 3% to 5%. It's very different per channel. So, you're going to have your highest close rate. 

Your highest close rate should be on your referrals because they're literally a friend coming over going like, hey, you should use these people. But your second highest close rate is going to be inbound organic people. So, you're able to, they're just the one reaching out to you. 

So, the authority position is different and they already sold themselves on you. I've watched recordings of people going through our website and people will spend 10, 20, 30 minutes on the website, checking us out, looking at things before calling us. By that time, they know that they want to go with us and then we're just walking them through the process. 

We're not even really selling them. So, yes, this is super key. Alex, how do I do the free lead stuff? That's what's here, how to get free leads from Google. 

This is the big one right here. This is the thumbtack thing, but this right here is absolutely huge, which is why we're going through the Google Business Profile Optimization stuff. Courtney is going through that right now and he just got approved for his Google Business Profile. 

So, this is super key. Any questions on that before we go into Courtney's numbers? Courtney, would you do me a favor? If you could share the link, if you want to message it to me, I can pull it up. It'd be easier just to find a way to jump around instead of joysticking you and be like, hey, could you do this? And then just give me a view only access or whatever makes sense there. 

Yeah. Just send an email to you. I don't know if I did that right. 

No, it's okay. It shot an email to you and then just approved that request. Courtney, I'm only seeing these six leads. 

Do you have more leads than this in the sheet? That's all I put because since I started the sheet, that's where it is. Okay. So, you don't have old stuff in here? No, I didn't put any old stuff. 

I just started where we are. No worries. Good. 

You're using it, which is great. So, I can see Thumbtack in here. And then, yeah. 

So, cool. Does anybody have like a sheet or has tracked their leads in the past that has like more just because we can't go over as much data here, Courtney? But what I can see is that in the six leads, right? It's not much data, but in the six leads, we've got we've closed four out of six people and Ian Hoff is getting sold, right? Right, Courtney? We're getting them. So, we're only able to see like we want to look at more data. 

So, if somebody has more data here to go off of or already has like leads that they're able to see like this is how many people closed and some people didn't close, then we can go over that. I have one that's not the same form, but I have one for January. All done. 

Okay. How many leads did you like? Is it like 5, 10 or is it like 30, 40? Total 75 leads. Okay. 

Yeah. Yeah. Share it in here and let's go for that. 

Courtney, for this one, if you can go back and put in old leads so that you have old data that you were able to evaluate, that'd be good. But if not, we'll just be able to look in March or in April and have more info. But yeah, Rick, if you can send me the link to the sheet and I want to go over that. 

I probably should ask that, Courtney. I should ask how many people were in there. I didn't know because people do call in, but I didn't have a tracking sheet before.

Yeah. All good. All right. 

Yeah, there's mine. Beautiful. All right. 

So, yeah, that's not mine, but I just sent you mine. Oh, this one's not yours? Maybe I sent you the wrong one. Hold on.

I think I sent you the wrong one. That's an old one. Okay. 

Yeah. No worries. Hold on. 

Yes. It looks like November. Yeah. 

That one's the wrong one. We can go over November as well, but yeah, we can do January. That one's got January. 

It's a January dashboard. The January dashboard tab. So, yeah. 

And then there's January. Beautiful. All right. 

So, from LSA, we've got 17 leads, $1,000 spent. So, to get our cost per lead, we're just taking 1,000, dividing by 17 to get... Is this ticket price or is this the cost per lead here? Yeah. The lead spend was, for Google, was $708. 

Okay. And so, our cost per lead is to the right at 42 per lead, and the CAC was 142. Okay. 

Price over here, accurate or not accurate? Yeah. That's what was sold. Okay. 

That's what was sold. Cool. All right. 

So, looking at cost per lead, CAC, this is pretty typical with LSA. So, I wouldn't say you guys have a sales problem. Cost per lead in our area, it's $60 to $70 cost per lead for an LSA call, which is why so many people struggle. 

They're like, guys, I'm doing this. Why is this not working? Because, for instance, someone like my friend, Jacob, Jacob did $90,000 in August or something. He is able to spend... Because he's got so much money, because he's already so big, he's able to spend $70 per lead and have a 30% close rate because he knows over time, in six months from now, he's making his money back. 

But for people like us that don't just have a bunch of money to wait and just like, I'll spend that and then it'll come back in six months, LSA can be difficult per area. It just depends. So, this isn't bad. 

This is, like I said, pretty typical. Looking at Thumbtack, Thumbtack, our conversion rate, I think it's 29%. The cost per lead, our cost per lead was $15 by using the free leads method. 

But this is pretty typical conversion rate. This is pretty typical. Looking at the next one, Angie's been organic.

Obviously, the awesome thing about organic is we had no lead spend. It's a surprisingly low conversion rate for organic. How are we getting people for organic? Honestly, I think we're throwing things in organic when we don't know where the lead comes from. 

We didn't have a web form like we do now. We're not even tracking that yet. As far as you can see, we sold 3,000 for the month of January. 

Our lead spend was $1,500. But we lost money because we paid our cleaners $1,500. We lost money in January on new leads. 

We made money because of recurring business. Right. This is how you track how many people turned into recurring? For the month of those leads sold, we track who was converted into recurring.

Okay. This would be the big area to focus on for your business. It's not surprising that you spent $1,500 to then have $3,000 come in. 

But then you lose money your first month because it looks like you lost money on new spend because of having to pay cleaners and overhead. It's pretty typical. That is the typical situation. 

You make money by this number increasing and by these people staying longer. I know you know this but I'm just walking through with everyone. You make money by having the recurring people. 

If this number right here doubled and the conversion from someone that was a standard or one time was instead of it being at 16% was at 30%, then we will be looking at four recurring. Next month, we'd be setting ourselves up to look really nice. This would be the area that we want to focus. 

But really guys, this is healthy. The one area that we can improve that would be better is let's get more people from organic, which is going to be improving GVP. I wouldn't say go and spend thousands on SEO and that kind of stuff. 

Just follow the GVP stuff that's in the video. But pretty typical. This right here is profitable like month two, month three. 

Then of course, everyone that stays past that will improve this, get this down. What you could do is LSA CAC is like, it's expensive. It's typical. 

We like our Google Ads because our Google Ads are looking at here $100 cost requisition. $40 cheaper than LSA. It's nice. 

What does pay per click stand for? Pay per click. I don't know if it's an old name, but basically you're paying per person that clicks onto your search results. Google Ads, that's just regular Google Ads, right? That's regular Google Ads, correct.

Okay. I got that on at one point. I'll turn it back on.

Yeah, there's a certain way to set up. Like Jock spent over $1,000 and got not a single booking by doing PPC, by doing regular Google Ads. Then he had to go in, figure out, optimize, and then now he gets $10. 

No, no. He gets $25-ish cost per lead, but his conversion rate is really low because he doesn't call people. His team doesn't call people. 

They only text. They never get on the phone for sales, which to me is mind blowing, but he's like, my people don't get on the phone. I'm like, okay. 

But anyways, yeah, PPC, phenomenal. I honestly haven't had a single, I don't personally know a single person that has done Google Ads like the PPC and hasn't been happy with it because what I hear is many people are like, LSA is so expensive. I know a guy right now spending $20,000 a month in Australia and he does $200,000 a month revenue and he spends $20,000 a month on Google Ads. 

So it works when you're small and it works when you're at scale. So if I had to list out the most profitable marketing methods, I actually just recently did this in here. I guess you guys haven't seen this. 

So you go to Classroom, Cleaning Business Systems. This is a premium resource you guys all have access to if you're in here, which you guys are all premium. So going through this, I would highly recommend Cleaning Business Systems 101. 

Go over how earlier I said, hey, this business is pretty simple. It's getting leads, selling those leads and then cleaning, like fulfilling. I kind of break it down here kind of into five. 

So acquiring, so acquire leads, convert, converting leads into sales, fulfilling. So this is delivering the service. I cover two more things here, which is operate. 

So this is kind of the spine of how you operate the business and make the glue that makes everything go together. And you have finances, which is kind of its own separate thing. In here, you go to acquire, which is acquire, getting leads, marketing. 

This is where most people really, really struggle. This right here, the best paid marketing methods. I absolutely believe, I give numbers, but I absolutely believe PPC. 

It should be the first one that you go after rather than Meta and other ones. Thumbtack, if you're using it correctly, if you're doing the free leads, it's great. In other areas, it sucks. 

It's very area dependent. And then of course, your Google business profile. So I would highly recommend going down this path.

I go into Facebook ads, Yelp, different things that we've done and what we don't recommend. You guys have $42 cost per call, so that's great. We've noticed a lot of price shifters in our area and it's difficult. 

We hear about LSA. So any questions on marketing? I know we got 15 minutes here, so I just want to go in general, like marketing questions, what you're doing for marketing, where you're struggling in marketing. I hope this part was kind of helpful for you guys.

But when you know your numbers, I guess before we go into Q&A, you got to know your numbers first thing. So use the tracking sheet. If you don't know your numbers, we aren't able to figure out what's wrong. 

So going into Rick and Melissa's here, we can see that the one number that could improve is the recurring, like a lot of people go one time to recurring. So working on that, but the marketing is healthy, but we need to get organic going. That's going to make it easier, but it's a profitable model. 

If they were to spend, like we did, $6,000. I spent, was it $6,000? No, our first month we spent $4,000 in marketing and we brought in like eight grand in business. And just like you said, we lost money because we had to pay cleaners. 

So our first month we lost like I think $1,500 in business. But next month we had converted some of those to recurring. So spent another like $3,000 in marketing and we lost money on that month again, because that first month of acquiring customers, we lost money. 

But then month three, we spent no dollars on marketing and we had like $4,000 in bookings. Then the next month we had broke even for the business and we were profitable. So that's like, once you are able to understand your numbers, then you can spend money confidently. 

So that way you're growing confidently. So yeah, knowing your numbers and then yeah, that's really it. Like you got to know your numbers as to know it's healthy. 

So yeah, we'll go like Q&A. I was just going to say, so December, we did like 70% conversion to recurring and it was great. January has been terrible. 

January has just been a crappy month. Yeah. But we haven't really increased our lead spend. 

It's been the same month over month. So I struggle to grasp wanting to spend more. Yeah. 

I'm trying to figure out how I should approach that, I guess. Yeah. So if like, let me share my screen. 

You said 60% converted in December, is that what you're saying? To recurring? Yeah. Okay. So what was your average cost per lead in December? In December? I haven't saved somewhere else here. 

Let's see. So this conversion was 64%, pretty close. We spent exactly the same amount in lead spend, but numbers were much better.

Okay. So what was your, because I know you have organic stuff put in, let's just grab- You want me to show you this one? Yeah. Show me that one. 

And then I just want to grab, or just tell me your LSA cost per lead and then your LSA close rate. And then we can go from there. My average cost per lead was, just for LSA was $18.

$18 cost per lead for LSA? Yeah. Okay. What was your close rate on LSA? Yeah. 

We were closing 22%, 22% on LSA, 22% on Thumbtack. And yeah. Okay. 

So your callback- $24 cost per lead on Thumbtack and $18 on Google LSA. This is weird because how the ad spend comes out is LSA likes to charge you on the last day of the month. And then they'll charge you, I don't know how, it's weird because I had a carry over into January an extra $500 on LSA because I was paying for December's leads.

Strange. What was your average ticket for LSA? Average price? Yeah. It was $220.

Okay. And then $220, you give 50% to cleaners. How much do you give to cleaners? 50%. 

We sold $1,500 total. Okay. So, yeah.

So, 110. All right. So looking at this here, and this was $1,500 in ad spend and- Okay.

No, actually, yeah. Yeah. Ad spend actually for just LSA was $560.

Okay. So we're just going to- I think it was a $500 that carried over into January that I included in January's spend. Okay. 

So $560? Yeah. Okay. Cool. 

So running through these numbers, this is why I would be spending more. So if it costs me $90 to acquire a customer that the profit is 110 on, yes, you have overhead and a couple of those things, but $20 profit and then 60% of these people are turning into booking. So you guys had, it was 560 divided by 18. 

So you guys had 31 leads from LSA, right? Yeah. We figured our recurring over the next three months would give us another $3,500 in revenue in LSA alone, just because of the recurring bookings. That's, yeah, that's exactly the way to think about it. 

And when you confidently know that number, then you can go, okay, wait, I want to turn this up. So this is giving a- Okay. So if I know that when I spend $18 on LSA, I get a lead and I close one out of five leads, that makes my cost requisition $90. 

I average tickets 220, so my profit's 110. So I'm just above breakeven after overhead and stuff. I'm probably breakeven, but 60% of people are going to turn into a recurring booking. 

That's freaking huge. If we look at how many bookings we got, so you had 31 leads, you converted 22% of them. So that's, what is it? You converted seven or eight people into bookings? Eight people? We had seven bookings and three recurring.

Okay. Seven booking, three recurring. Okay. 

And you calculated the numbers and you think someone stays on average for three months and the recurring revenue that you just generated was, you said, three grand? Yeah. It's actually over four months. It was $3,500.

That's just over four months. And then actual profit after that, let's just say it's $1,500. Okay. 

So people, if you look at just this and you go, man, I spent $90 to book someone and I only made $110 on that job. And once, you know, overhead and everything, it just eats my profit, but you don't consider this as recurring revenue over four months, then we're not looking at the same numbers here because when you take this into account, then you start looking at spend differently. So if we put this into the front of the model, we'd just go, instead of spending 560, if we spent, let's just say four times that. 

So I'm just going to 4x all these numbers, which turns us into 240, 4x this into 124, 4x this into 28. This stays the same because your cost is probably the same. Your close rate is going to stay the same. 

Your CPA stays the same. Your average ticket stays the same. You really want to bump this. 

This should be a bit higher, but if you guys have smaller houses around, there may not be much you can do about it. But let's say we spent 2,200. We had this many leads, we had this many bookings. 

So 60% of our 28 bookings, so 28 times, wait, so 16 of those, it's really close to 17. So let's go to pay it around. So 17 of these turned into recurring bookings. 

Am I doing this right? No, I'm 4xing everything here. Sorry, I was doing it a different way. 4x. 

So just 4x this to this, 4x this to this 14,000, 4x this to 6,000. Okay. So you guys spent, you'd spend $2,200 and you'd be break even, maybe lose a bit of money for the first month.

But this is what it would look like over four months based on your calculations. So this is why me knowing this as a marketing salesperson, month one in our business, I spent $4,000 because I knew the first month would suck and I'd lose a grand or 1.5, two even. But I know that the backend is going to make sense. 

There's people that are on our schedule that have been on our schedule for almost a year now. So if you're like, Alex, they're really going to stay that long. These people absolutely, like Robert Estiville, this is February. 

So this is our first month in business. Robert Estiville, Robert Estiville, Robert Estiville, Robert Estiville. This is all throughout. 

This is March of last year. Notice it just keeps going. Robert Estiville, Robert Estiville.

Robert Estiville, we just did today. So this is our literal first month in business. January, we were just like playing around with stuff. 

First month in business, we spent like $4,000 to get these clients. Then we spent like another $3,000 to get these clients. But we had clients that came over. 

So Marianne Sanders came over to month two. Marianne Sanders here. And she brought her friend, Hannah Mann. 

These are real, it's how it goes. A percent of people are going to come over. Shahana's Con, Shahana's Con March. 

Even now, Shahana's Con still, if I can find them. Shahana's Con is still here December of the next year. So let's run the numbers for Shahana's Con. 

This one client had Shahana's Con starting in March. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. We'll just say 12 for the moment because it already did. 

12, we charge $179. And 84 goes to the cleaner. So after tax and stuff, we basically pocket about $80. 

So 80 like profit. So 80 times 12 off of this one customer, it's been $960 over the past year. So was it worth for me to pay even $100 to get this one guy, $200 to get this one guy, $300 to get this one guy? Yes. 

So if you spread your marking out on a long enough time horizon and you think long term enough, you are going to see that it's profitable. So this number right here over four months, yeah, that's the number of four months. Now think about 12 months. 

Think about 24 months. Think about four years. You're going to have a churn rate. 

Yes, you got to calculate for churn. But that's exactly why to us, spending as much money as we can on ad spend is a no brainer. We pocketed almost nothing the first four or five months because every dollar we could put to marketing, we put to marketing. 

So I'm not looking to pocket $400 a month and go like, look at my profit, like pocket $800, look at my profit. But no, I want to put that right back into marketing so that three months from now, when I do want to put my money in my pocket, it's a much bigger amount of money. So does that make sense of why when you know your numbers, you can confidently put ads? I know right now, for us, we tested this and these months here, we're going, if we put this much into PPC, are we making that much? If we put this much into December, are we making that much? We haven't updated our numbers for January, but we spent, we can just see how much we actually spent. 

So we were confirming, are these our numbers? Is this sustainable? Is this profitable? And then now, that's a wrong ad account. This past month, I think we spent almost $3,000. It's all time. 

Let's look at January. Okay. So in January, we spent 1.5. December, I think we spent 500. 

This month, we spent 1.5 on Google Ads. How can you feel confident? Why are you just three X the amount of money you spend in one area? Because I know the number. I know that when we spent this much in December, that it made sense for us to do. 

So now we spent in January. So does that make sense, guys, on that specifically of understanding marketing and knowing what we're doing to be able to- It helps a lot. It helps a lot for me.

And matter of fact, now that I think about it, it's coming up, spring coming up, a lot of people are going to want to get houses cleaned. And now's the time to start advertising for that. So the ad spend now is really good for the spring. 

Yeah. Spring, Courtney, you've been in the business for over a year, right? March, five years. It starts to get good middle of March, and it's lovely. 

Yeah. So get your marketing now. Get it set up now. 

As far as this is why the tracking sheet is so important. If you don't have the tracking sheet, go and use it. But you got to know your numbers. 

And Rick, once you know these numbers, man, you know them inside and out. And you're like, no, this is right. This isn't just one month. 

This is the past three months. This is the average of the quarter. This is average of the past half year. 

You'll feel confident and go, this is a source of truth. I know that if I spend this much, I'm going to get this result. And it's made me this much money. 

So you shouldn't be guessing when you spend more money on marketing. You shouldn't be like, I'm hoping this is going to work. I think this is going to work. 

Let's just try it. It's, I know if I spend this much, this much per lead, this much per acquisition, this month's profit, the first month, yeah, we lose a bit of money. But month two, three, four, five, six, and so on, we make about this much. 

So I'm fine losing money that first month because I know the numbers make sense, right? That's how simple it should be an equation for you to spend money on marketing. It should not be guesswork. Most people, it's guesswork. 

So good. I know we're past time, but I've got time. So if anyone has questions, we can go over that. 

I don't have any time. I'm sorry. I don't have any time. 

So I'm going to sign out. So but thank you very much. It's been, this was a great hour. 

So thank you. Thanks, Alex. Of course, Courtney. 

So I have a couple of questions. All right. So my problem is that I don't have a closing problem. 

I can close really well. My problem is- Yes, you can. I have a problem with not enough leads. 

And I never realized it. And that's because we do a lot of organic marketing. We don't, like Thumbtack, we just started again because of you. 

But PPC, we stopped because we were throwing money at it and it just didn't make sense. But looking over your numbers, I wouldn't mind doing PPC again, so long as I do it correctly. Yes. 

Yeah. You don't have a sales problem, which is awesome. Which will probably be next week. 

I almost might tap your shoulder and might have you give some, not invite, but maybe pull calls from you and go, hey, this is how, everyone has a different process. Courtney, so as well, here's like a, Courtney, share your three best calls and what you liked about them. Because you got sales down. 

We got that number down. You probably don't want me to do that. I don't have a script and I realize everybody has a script. 

I do not. We'll go over that. Because at scale, when you're at 30K a month, you need a script because you can't be taking every phone call because you're going to be slammed. 

But you have a lead problem, right? So you're actually unique, Courtney, because most people, to fix your lead problem, we can literally just copy and set up what's in our account and put it into your account. Boom. You have leads coming in. 

That's the easy solution. The hard solution is you saying, Alex, I don't know sales. Well, now you have to learn sales.

I can't copy paste what's in my brain or what's in my script over to you because there's still a certain way to give the script and a certain way to speak and navigate calls. So your problem is much easier to fix than a sales problem, right? So you need more leads, which means you need to set up PPC properly and stuff. So that's what I would do is PPC. 

You have thumbtack. You're going to see that that works, especially doing the free lead stuff. And then you're going to have more leads from organic Google business profile. 

You're going to have more stuff come in. But I would absolutely, I think everyone should be doing Google ads like the PPC. LSA is a bit expensive in certain areas. 

Their area is great. You got $18 cost per lead in December and 42 cost per lead. I wish, oh my gosh, I'd be spending $5,000 if I knew we could get that. 

But in our area, it's $70-ish cost per call. And calls rate is like 25, 30%. So it just doesn't make sense to do.

So the way we go about marketing and getting leads is let's figure out the most profitable form for us to get leads and then go to the next one. So for instance, our most profitable, as you can see, is obviously organic. That's going to be everyone's most profitable. 

So we try to max it out and do everything I can to make that, get as many leads as possible. Okay. I've done everything I can there. 

Next one. I tried Facebook. I tried this. 

I tried that. I think the most profitable source of leads is Thumbtack actually for us. So we focus Thumbtack and we max out our spend on Thumbtack because I know the numbers and I know that works. 

Then after that, we've maxed this out. Then we move to the next most profitable, which is PPC for us, the Google ads. So now we're maxing that one out. 

We spent $1,500 this month. We know the numbers. We know it's working. 

Boom. Let's max this out and spend as much as we can. And we may never go to other methods because we could spend $20,000 a month here, like my friend in Australia is.

So we might just do this. We might not need to go to Meta and do this and figure out this next one and this next one. We might be able to spend the rest of our money here. 

With certain areas or certain platforms, there comes a point, for instance, like Jock. Jock's in Florida. And so if Jock spends more than $150 a day on his Google ads, his PPC, then he starts competing.

The platform gets weird. The cost per lead starts increasing, which is bad. And so it starts getting worse for him. 

So he has to stay at lower than $150 a day. So if he was like, man, I want to spend more money on marketing, but I can't spend more money here because of X, Y, Z, then that's your next most profitable method. So I think for you, we're doing the GBP, which is going to be huge. 

Did we go over what does LSA cost in your area? Have you done that? Oh, yeah. So LSA, we can actually go into LSA and choose how much we want to spend per lead, and it won't go above that. But we don't really get much from LSA. 

It's like once in a blue. A lot of it's just organic, let me know. Yeah. 

Yes. But also, if we wanted to double next month and get to 30K in March, 30K in March would look like, you can see the numbers. On average, if you spend $1,500 healthily, you should be getting about $3,000 in revenue. 

If you spend $5,000, you should healthily be getting about $10,000 in revenue. So 50% goes to cleaner, and then you have your marketing expenses, and you may have lost a bit of money, 10%. But you know that sets you up for the next month. 

We went through the numbers, right? So really, the only thing stopping you from spending $5,000 next month is I don't know for sure that your close rate percent is... I mean, I believe it, but I don't know for sure if your close rate percent... I don't know for sure your cost per lead with your ads, your ad account, your cost requisition. So that's why, like us, let's spend $500. Okay, now let's spend $1,000.

Okay, now we're like, I know that this is tracking, so now we can spend 1,500, 2,000, 3,000, 5,000, and like the guy in Australia, spend $20,000. He's been in business for three years, less than three years, and he's doing $200,000 a month, and he just expanded to all of Australia. So he's just going big, and he's like just spending more money because he knows, and he knows that he knows that he knows when he spends X, he gets Y, and it's profitable month two, right? So we just got to know the numbers. 

So when we know the numbers, boom, that's marketing. Then we move on to like, let's fix sales, and let's make sure our cleaners are good, right? What was your next question? My last question, because I don't want to take up their time. For Thumbtack, okay, so when they reach out to Thumbtack, right, you have to send a message back.

But my problem is that it's not like they're calling, and you can hear their voice and everything. And even if you do call, they don't pick up. So, well, at least one, I'm just talking about this one specifically. 

So- It happens. You reached out, but you call, like- Immediate message in Thumbtack, immediate message in Thumbtack. So the minute they come in, Thumbtack is determining how fast you're responding to people. 

So in your account, you can see what's your average response time, whatever. You want that to be the best possible. So the minute a lead comes in, you message in Thumbtack. 

Then we'll call it. I call twice. Courtney, I'm not ashamed. 

I will call three times. I've done it. Especially when it's not a one bed, one bath. 

Someone reached out, looks like they're serious. I'm calling three times. And then I'm shooting a text. 

I'm leaving a voicemail. And then I'm shooting a text saying, hey, I just tried you. You just reached out.

When's a better time to call? So that's in the CRM, and we're getting you in the CRM. And we're forwarding the number over, but that is happening in there. But for instance, I have, that seems like a bunch. 

Why are you double calling people? Because just today, I had, I want to show me all calls. Show me. Okay. 

I was going to show you my call log for today of everyone that's called me. Okay. Like yesterday, I had three random numbers that called me yesterday. 

I guess today we had one random number that called me. And like this random person calling me, if they needed to get ahold of me, then they would call again. If they called me twice, then I'd pick up the phone. 

Right. And they called me three times. I'm, I'm picking up the phone. 

Okay. Even if I didn't reach out to them. So I have no shame in calling someone twice, even three times, you reached out to me and said, I want cleaning services. 

So if I call you once and you don't pick up, then I'm gonna call you again, because I didn't get ahold of you. And you said, you want me to get ahold of you. And if that didn't even work, I'll call you again. 

The worst thing someone says is, Hey, now's not a good time. Can I, can we call later? And it's like, yeah, but triple for some people is overkill when you're a good salesperson, like you're on the phone and someone, the rare case where someone is upset, like, ah, call me three times. Like, yeah, we want to talk to you. 

How's your day going? Is it, is it now a bad time? Oh, did you, you just disarmed them? You know, you know, I'm not bothering you. Am I? You just reached out to us and wanted to get ahold of you. You know, if you just have a, if you have a negative person, a mad person, they're probably not gonna be a good client. 

I've just haven't run into that. I think maybe it was one person. They're like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. 

And I was like, I'm glad you showed it now. Cause it would have been worse if we sent cleaners there, tried to charge you. And then you were just a pain in the butt. 

So immediate message on thumbtack call twice. That's, that's what I would be doing. And then follow up. 

That's why the CRM is there. It's automatically following up for you so that you're not constantly having to remember and like, Oh yeah, I got to text that person. I never reached back out to me. 

And some people are just going to like reach out for some reason and then just not going to respond. Maybe they found someone else. Maybe they were like, man, when I reached out, they're like, am I really going to pay someone? And then you call them and they're like, I really about to pay someone. 

Like, do I really need it? They don't need it that bad. Or they're just like, I'm gonna do it myself. There's just part of it, you know, but on average across, you know, 50 leads, how many do we get ahold of? How many, like we have a number here. 

Let me show you that specifically our no contact. Like we did, we didn't, they didn't pick up the phone. So that number is different per lead source. 

And it's something to be aware of. So per quarter last quarter was, we're going to have almost no, no contact for organic, but six of the 90 leads, we never got ahold of, just never talked to them. Five of the 36 PPC leads just never got ahold of them.

Didn't, could not, could not talk to them. So it's just a number that we calculate. If this number is high, then we know something's going on. 

If we, this number is high, we know something's going on, but I know what this is supposed to be on average. So like, I recognized that like qualified and no contact. Like we had some people that weren't qualified and I was like, man, why is this, what's going on here? And I dove deep into our PPC ads and there was some setting somewhere turned on that was like, do you want to partner with our search network partners, dah, dah, dah for Google? And I was on and I could see every single lead that had come from the search network partner or whatever that Google was selling us was either we couldn't get ahold of them or they weren't qualified. 

So we turned that off and we stopped wasting money. But I don't know if that works unless I'm attributing things correctly. Right. 

Does that answer that for you? Yeah, it does. Awesome. Eddie, what you got? Oh yeah. 

So I was just kind of curious if you can go into more detail about the landing page you use for PPC ads. Maybe if there's a design you use or template what your conversion rate is and what you've seen help improve that conversion rate. Yeah. 

Let me share my screen. There are some people that their method of doing Google ads is and PPC is that they like a marketing agency will work with you and say we're going to run Google ads for you and we have a prebuilt landing page that we're going to tailor to your business so that we're not running people to your website and we are out of control on that part. That we get good leads but you're not closing them or converting them into a web form submission. 

So some agencies do that. Many agencies, a squeeze page, whatever you want to call it. We don't do that. 

Our website just converts. So when we run ads, let me just look here. Now we had like we ran tests like let's see if we can do it a different way. 

So that's why the cost per conversion is $47 instead of $40 because we spent money like $500, $600 on like a test. Like let's see if we do it this way how it works. But let's see if I can just pull a specific campaign here. 

I hate how Google ads look because they just change it constantly. I know where our actual landing page is. Our actual landing page is literally just our website. 

So this is our landing page. Our landing page enables people and I've watched the, this is helpful Eddie, we use Clarity. Yeah, do you know what your conversion rate is for that? Conversion rate for people that click versus people that actually turn into a lead? Yeah, your conversion rate. 

So I think typically you want like 15% to 20% I think. It just depends, right? So like Jock in Florida, it's like his $7 cost per click and then he has a 30% conversion rate. So like one out of three people is going to turn into a lead. 

So he gets like $21 to $25 cost per conversion on average. So we should just add like a, oh yeah, you can see conversion rate here on the right. So just depending on which one it's going to convert better, like made service converts really well, but also like what's our cost per click? Our cost per click is $18. 

So yeah, we have a 42% conversion rate, but our cost per click is $18 versus having a, you know, $8 conversion rate at 25% or $8 cost per click, 25% conversion rate. So this is what ours looks like. But I think part of the thing is that the people that convert, they, like when you go to use Clarity, Clarity like record sessions of somebody going onto your site. 

So when someone comes to your site, you can literally see every single move. You can see where their mouse moves. You can see when they scroll the page, it records their session on your site.

So you're able to, you're able to see like what people are doing. So what we found is that like many people like that come PPC, like people will like really spend the time to go through our like look at us and do that. So like, I don't know if I can just log in here and kind of show you what this actually looks like on the backend. 

Okay. It's logged in with the wrong account. It's just going to log with my existing Google, which is not going to be the one. 

Oh, maybe, maybe it is. Yeah. I'm logged into the wrong account here. 

Let me see if this would be the better way to go. I think this is our admin account here. Is it Aiden or is it admin? I think it's this one.

No, it's just very different than like Google analytics or. This is actually recording their session. Yeah. 

This is not the one. Maybe it's contact. Sorry. 

I'm just having to find the right email. You know how it goes. I wish you could just, maybe if I change the profile here to, man, why can't you just let me log into a different account? No. 

Are you using a tracking number? Like when people call, like to keep track of people that are calling from the website? People that when they click, then there's a conversion tag that's like conversion tracking that's set up. So there's conversions for web forms submitted and there's conversion for someone that presses like to call. Right. 

But I mean, since you're just letting, you're just sending traffic to your website, you're able to differentiate someone that's coming to your website from an ad versus just organic search. Yeah. So that's going to be cookies and caches.

So when somebody jumps, goes to our page through a PPC ad, they use a UTM campaign builder. So somebody is not coming to our website by going to thefaithfulcleaners.com. We're going to thefaithfulcleaners.com. And then we have campaign IDs, like PPC ad, campaign one, PPC, PPC one, campaign name PPC one, whatever. So this link, this right here. 

Okay. So somebody that comes to our site through an ad, they come through this right here. So right here, when they come, I'm not going to do it because it's going to mess with our things. 

But when they come to the site with all this information, this information here gets captured by our website by a cookie plugin. So the cookie holds it and is able to go. If they jump around the website, the cookie knows that this is where they originally came from. 

So when they submit a lead form, that cookie then takes that information they came in with and submits it with the lead form. So when a lead form comes in, I should be able to just, why am I just signed out of all these? I'll just go to Gmail and go here. Yeah. 

I know it's easier with the web form because it's based off the parameter that you word out. But I know with the phone number, it's a little bit harder. I mean, is it just tracking the click of the phone number? Yeah. 

You're tracking the, there's a conversion tracking for that, that agency would set up for you that you can set up yourself, but Google walks you through how to do that. Okay. So you're going to pull up an example. 

I can do that here. Like what we get on the backend from. So web form submitted. 

I know that this person came from our prosper Google business profile. So that's how I'm able to attribute different things. I know that this person came in from our PPC and I can track it back with the Google click ID. 

So somebody that calls straight in the tracking is happening in the in here, where in here, like this is where my partner does more of the technical things, but it's just somewhere in here where you've got, I think it's conversions, goals, summary, and then you're able to see phone lead versus submit lead form. So somebody that did this versus somebody that submitted lead form, these are, this is getting tracked. Does that make sense? Yeah. 

Yeah, no, that, that makes sense. And yeah, I mean, it's interesting that you're, you're just sending traffic to your website and, you know, getting decent, decent results with it. So that's good. 

Yeah. We thought about doing a whole squeeze page and stuff. But part of the reason that I like doing that is because the traffic going to our site helps us for SEO purposes. 

Like it tells Google, like we're getting traffic to our site, which means this is a more legit site than a site that just has, you know, five visitors a month. Every single one of our PPC ones are going to our site. Our site is ranking higher and benefiting from that rather than sending them to a separate domain, you know, landing page.

Gotcha. Okay, cool. Yeah. 

Rishon, Rishon fell asleep. Rishon, you're muted if you're trying to talk. I'm going to assume Rishon's, Rishon's not there. 

Oh, there you are. What's up, brother? Hey, what's up, man? How's it going? Going good. You got any questions or anything that you want to ask? Um, I have a couple, but actually I'm at work right now. 

So I can't, um, talk, um, is why I was muted, but, um, I put them in the chat or in school and, um, we'll take care of it there. Cool. Awesome. 

Courtney. Bueno. All good. 

Yeah, that was brilliant. Thanks. Awesome. 

Love it guys. Um, anything dropped in the school chat? We got sales training on, I think it's Thursday, so two days from now. Um, yeah, we're, I know we're doing really, really well with our Google ads, PPC stuff. 

Um, we're thinking about doing something like, Hey, like we'll set it up for you. Or if you like set it up and you can maintain it or similar to other agencies, like, Hey, it'll be this much, uh, for six months and we'll run the ads for you. Um, cause it's a heck of a pain to set up and figure out. 

So we're thinking about offering something like that. Uh, if you guys are interested, you can message. Um, but yeah, like this is, oh, this was, I know it was helpful foundation of marketing, tracking things and being able to spend more money to make more money.

So just got to know those numbers. It's just gotta be an equation. So, all righty. 

We'll, we'll see you guys Thursday then. Are you going to share the recording? Sorry. Yes. 

Recording is going to be in the group. Um, recording calls and or like the module or whatever that has all the group coaching calls. Alrighty. 

Alrighty guys. Have a bonus one. I'll