You started this month at 7k and you guys are going to finish at... We're about 13.5k right now. Okay, very nice. And then next month is already starting at 10k, you said? Yep.

There you go, man. What was your highest month before that? Almost exactly 10k. We've had two months that were about 10k and those were our two highest.

So this month will be the biggest one yet. And we did hire two new cleaners, so we're waiting to get them fully onboarded. But yeah, things are going good.

Awesome. Yeah, it's great to see you guys growing, especially during February, March, January time. Going into the summer, it's going to be a lot better, just growth season.

So that's super exciting to hear. Yeah, that's something that I'm not familiar with is the seasons yet. You know, when the busy seasons are.

We started selling in August, basically. But if the summer is going to be busy, we should be great. Yeah, I mean, it's busy. 

I'm hoping that we double, really. I think that that's not too far off. Honestly, just from the Google Business Profile, of course, we're going to throw in paid marketing in there.

But the Google Business Profile is going to drive so much of that for us. So trying some new things there, too. Going to do some citations and some things like $50 a month.

And they put out like a whole blast of just your name and all these different places. I'm going to look for some local directories, too. But just to increase Google's perceived authority of our brand and see how that goes.

And then recommend to you guys if it works well and we can see results. So I'm excited for that. Summer is just growth season, so it's going to be great.

Yeah, we're definitely going to need to hire a lot more if we're going to double our business. But I don't know. I think we got a real good shot at doing that.

Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, we just brought on three new cleaners. So I'm right there with you as far as bringing people on.

Just preparing for the storm. A good storm, right? The influx. But, Jack, how's it going, brother? Good, good. 

Good to be here. Good, man. Good to hear. 

Good to hear. Well, we're three minutes in. I don't want to wait too long for everyone.

Jack, tell me, how's the week been, dude? Pretty slow this week, but it's actually been nice that we've been slow. Because we've been able to devote more effort to getting Eva or VA all coordinated. And now it's been interesting learning a lot about the process.

I felt kind of bad at first because I couldn't give her my full attention. I mean, I wake up at 7.30, sign on for 8 with her, go from 8 till 9, and then I have to work. So I'd give her a task to do for a couple hours.

Give her a task to do my sales taxes and reconcile that. And did a great job. So that was nice.

It's a task I didn't have to do. And then Alex would sign on at 11 with her. And work with her till he started at the bar at around 4. And kind of give her sign-off duties.

She gave us some feedback, though. She's like, I don't like that you're making me share my screen as I'm working. I feel like it's a little too much.

I get it, but at the same time, it's like we're trying to on-ramp you. We want to see what your workflow looks like. And it's only temporary.

Like this is probably going to be a week of this training. And I know it's intensive. I know you want to have the availability to do something else other than this currently.

But it's not realistic in the first week that we're onboarding you. So trying to set the tone there as well. Yeah, we had that with another VA.

Not her, but with someone else that was like, I don't want to share my screen. And then I'm trying to understand why that is. We basically use this platform.

I want to see if it's called Perspective VA Screen. I don't remember. I have to find it again.

But basically what it does is it sees their... They start up the program, the software. It's free, up to like three seats or something. You can see how much time they spent with each thing and what's open.

And if they were actually on the screen and actually doing things. And we did that for the first week with Elle and with our old VA, Alan, that didn't work out. And we could see a big difference between how much Elle was doing and how much Alan was doing.

But it was still frustrating to Elle. Because Elle was like, my computer is moving a lot slower. Because you got to think they don't have a super nice computer.

So their computer is moving slower. Screen recording does stuff to my computer there. It can be frustrating.

They feel like they're not being treated like a manager. There's a way they can feel about it. I get it.

Just being open, transparent, just having conversations. And I would just have those conversations. But really, where I'm at right now, to be honest, I really don't mind if my VA... I don't mind if Elle is working 30 minutes a day.

Or if she's working 12 hours a day. As long as she's doing the job and she's doing it well. That's why I would just highlight to her.

The big thing for why I would say you want her to share the screen. Is being able to see the actual... What is your way of going about things? What's happening? There's totally times where they're going to be sitting there still. If they don't have an extra task that you've given them.

But we're really clear with our VAs. We say, I'm not going to give you extra tasks just to be busy. I'm not going to give you busy work.

I'm not going to just fill up all your time. Because it just doesn't make sense for me to. Unless there's something that is going to drive results, drive revenue.

I'm not going to throw it on your plate. I'm not going to say, actually, you know what? I kind of want the colors on the website to look different. It's just stupid.

Just making that clear to her. And then making it clear. What are you having her share her screen for? What is really the purpose of it? If it's to make sure that she's available.

Then I would just have her be in a Discord chat. Which is what we do with our VAs. Our VAs are going to Discord a group chat or whatever.

I don't know. Just a voice chat. And they're in office.

So they're in that chat. And I can jump in that chat at any point. And be able to see.

Just talk to them and see how it's going. With Elle, that's what we did. And what we do with VAs that we train for the first two weeks to a month.

Now, I don't need Elle to sit in the chat. I can just call Elle. She answers immediately.

I've never had her take more than literally 30 seconds to respond. If your VA is taking like three to five minutes to respond every single time. I mean, they might be in the bathroom, whatever.

But if it's like every single time. Then it's like, how often are they really checking? It should be pretty fast. And any time she doesn't immediately pick up, she messages and says, I'm on the phone with a client.

And that's really the only excuse for ever not picking up. So, yeah, anyways, just some thoughts there for you if that's helpful. Great.

Yeah, no, it's not an issue. It becomes an issue when they're not answering phones. They're not responding to customers within the window that we have set up for.

Yeah, you're not running into any of that, are you? No, no, nothing like that yet. Yeah, that's funny. I didn't know Eva and Elle were siblings.

I don't know why Elle could have just told me. I don't know if she told me and I just didn't like catch it or what. But cool.

Okay, headwinds and highlights. Jack, what is your – we'll go headwinds first. What's something difficult that you're going through right now? I was on a hot streak for sales last week or a couple of weeks ago, and it's kind of fallen off a little bit.

So I've tampered back to reality. Lead flow is still okay. It was much better last week.

I'm not sure if there's any changes. But that's just one thing, just like the closing thing, still running into the objection of I'm still shopping around. Like I do want to call other people.

And me getting something on the books and saying, look, let me hold this spot for you, trying to close off at that. I posted a call in this school earlier today for us to listen to maybe tomorrow. Does it go over that objection specifically, the we're still shopping around one? Yeah, it does.

Okay, cool. Pause real quick. Rick and Courtney, is this one that you guys also feel like you lose or you don't feel confident in, where it's like I'm still shopping, we're still kind of looking, and you feel like you let them go? Yes.

Yeah, that happens most of the time, most of the calls we get. You know, you go through the whole thing, and it's like, would you like to book today? Oh, no, I'm shopping around. So everybody's shopping around because everything's expensive and nobody has any money.

That happens all the time. Okay, Courtney. It happens, but it doesn't happen often, thankfully.

And if they call us directly and we're not calling them, like if they're calling us, yes, they're shopping around, but they also want to book. Unless they tell me they're looking, they're shopping around for something like three months out. But usually if they're shopping around, I usually think it's other companies, funny enough sometimes, because I did that when I first started.

But, yeah, I don't run into that very much, luckily. Okay, gotcha. Still shop around.

So kind of the objection of, yeah, I want to think about it. That's a common one. Jack, you feel like you're losing.

Melissa, you feel like you kind of lose that one. Let me think about it. Yeah, because when you try to follow up, they either go to somebody else or they just ignore you and you can't get anywhere.

Okay. Courtney, let me think about it. How do you feel about responding to that one? Like do you have an objection, like an actual word track where you're like, yeah, this is what I say to that, or you just kind of keep the conversation going and try to keep them on the phone? I usually just ask them how many bedrooms, how many bathrooms.

So, you know, always be closing. So I'll ask three times. Like the first time, okay, well, why are you – you called us, so pretty much you're looking for it because you're a teacher or what do you do for work that you need a clean right now, or you're even shopping around.

And then you kind of find out if they're price sensitive by – you could say something like, okay, we give two prices anyway. So the first price we give for the first time we're in your home is like throw it out there, $190. And it's like, okay, but then Reocurring will send somebody else that you get to know for $160 per month or whatever they're looking for.

Like I said, I just try to – how soon do you need the clean? Oh, we need it by next week. Okay, so you need somebody right away. Okay, so like if you drop price coordinate and they go, okay, okay, so it would be $275 and then $195.

Okay, well, yeah, we just – we need to think about it. But thank you for letting us know and we'll reach back out to you. Okay, that's great to hear.

You said you needed it right away. Okay, so my question to you would be, once again, if you need it right away, why shop away? Yeah, we just want to look for like – just look at options and just see, you know, because you're like the first person we called. We just want to see elsewhere.

Okay, well, my thing would still be not many cleaning companies will answer. We answered first, probably why you called us first. And, yeah, you could talk to your husband about it.

Is he home now? Nice, cool. Big thing that Courtney is doing is just engaging, continuing to engage and poke around. I can tell, Courtney, you don't have like an actual word track where you're like, when someone says this, I say this.

I can kind of feel the lack of confidence just to, you know, like – I don't. Like if you say this, I will say this. Yeah.

You feel out the person and their personality. Yeah, it's one of those things that it's ideal to have an exact word track that you can fall back on. When someone says, let me think about it, I say, sure, no worries.

I don't mean to pressure you. What's like the main concern you need to think about? There's a difference between like me trying to put the words together versus like I know that this is what I'm going to say. Like I know that this is the exact words.

When you know the exact words, too, then you can adjust and be unique to that exact person, right? So if I'm talking to a type A, like da-da-da, get to the point, da-da-da, that kind of person, and he's like, yeah, I need to think about it. Absolutely. What's the main concern you need to think about? And you can reflect back to that person exactly the way that they're best perceived when we're talking to granny, and granny is just a yapper.

She's like, well, let me think about it. I'm like, absolutely, no worries. Of course you want to think about it.

No, I don't want you to feel any kind of pressure at all. I'm just curious what's like your main concern you need to think about, right? So if I know that my word track is when someone says, yeah, I want to think about it, I go, sure, no worries. There's no pressure.

What's your main concern you need to think about? Then I can adjust that exact word track. I do this in another business when we're pitching like a $1,600 a month offer. The minute we drop price and they say any sort of resistance, any sort of resistance, I drop price, I go, cool, like I think I want to talk to my partner, or cool, like I just want to look over it again, or I want to spend some time to think about it.

I know that my line is, yeah, I mean, money aside, do you feel like this could be the answer for you? Every single time, I know that's why I'm not curious. It allows you to listen to them when you're not having to come up with your response. You're not so focused on like, what am I going to say? What am I going to say? Instead, you're like, I know what I'm going to say, because every single time I say, money aside, do you feel like this is going to be the answer for you? I can actually listen to what they're saying and slightly adjust what I already know I'm going to say, and hear their personality, and hear what their sounds like they're kind of looking for.

So just a helpful thing there. That's in the objection handling course. We're going to do the sales training tomorrow, but I'm looking at Elijah put three here.

I can just pull calls, but when someone says it's too expensive, we have like four different responses. When someone says, let me think about it. The response every single time is sure.

No worries. What's your main concern you need to think on and adjust that to the type of person you're talking to? Someone says, let me talk to my spouse. There's a six minute video here on that as well.

We're trying to get the soft close. Like you're getting Jack of like, well, we can go ahead and put you on the schedule. So anyways, I know a little bit of a detour there, but there's sales training tomorrow.

We can go deeper into that. So Jack Hedwins, you feel like sales specifically in the sales part, you feel like at the end, objection handling the people that are saying, let me think about it. And like, what are the main objections? I know you said like, yeah, Like I feel like I do a great job building up the cleaners brand.

Like, you know, we're really particular about who comes to your house. Like that's one thing I say, like they, they all are funneled through my own home before they ever would make it out to you. We also pay our cleaners above rates and we allow an extra hour of time than most other cleaning companies would.

So they're not rushing out of there. Like these are all things I try to build up our value for. And I gave a pretty competitive quote.

I would say it was typically below whether, whether booking quality would spit out just based off of how she described her property. She had a weekly clean. She currently has a cleaner, but looking to change.

I think I forgot to kind of go into why that is in, in the call, like really build up that side, like the current negative side of why she's looking to switch and how we could be a solution. Like listening back to my call, I could have really explored that a lot more. But, and then it's like, right.

Like, I'm like, perfect. Like, yeah, this is what's your budget. She, Nicole is like, she's like, Oh, my budget is close to one 50 and I quoted her one 80.

And it's not like their lack of money. Like the two working professionals, they have a cottage that they go to every week or every month. And yeah, no, I think the main objection is like, got it.

Like, yeah, you're, you're the first person. Like we're, we're just doing some digging right now and we want to, we want to keep doing that. So if you can just text us your quote, I really like you guys, but I just got to be fair to myself and kind of do the research.

And then like, from there, I'd be like, yeah, no, that totally makes sense. I saw one objection handling for that. That was like, totally makes sense.

You're doing the right thing. Honestly, can I give you a few tips about what you might run across your next calls just to give you a heads up? And it's like, sure. Not from our objection.

Anyway, you just saw from. No. Yeah.

Just one in general. And it's like, yeah, people are going to be priced in about this range throughout Toronto area. The one key differentiator is that X, Y, Z, you know? Yeah.

Yeah. Another. Way.

I'm sure Eliza has it in the videos here, but what we would tell people is that when they go, like, when it seems like a pretty smart person, reasonable person, it's not going to feel like a price thing, which to you, like you were saying, didn't feel like a price thing with the lady. It's $30 difference, whatever. And I bet you, even if you came down to like one, even possibly met her price that she still wanted, she still could have wanted to look around.

Yeah. In that sort of a situation. One of the things we, if there's not a video on this, we'll make a video.

Cause we had a very specific way of dealing with that kind of person, which is wow. Yeah. I mean, honestly, I'm just like you.

Like I call five people. Before I decide who I'm going to go with and that just tells me you really care about your home. And that's honestly our favorite client, like our best clients and that we clean their homes are the ones that went and talked to five different people and then ended up calling us back and going with us and dah, dah, dah.

And I'm pretty sure from there we go, I just don't want you to lose your spot. We don't have like, you have to make sure you're not like, yeah, we can clean your house whenever, whatever time. I'm like, we're because nobody looks at us. 

So you go, I don't want you to lose your spot. And so what I usually do in this situation is just take a time down. We're not going to charge you. 

You can give me a call back. Like, but let me just save this spot for you. I just want to make sure you don't lose it and then give me a call back.

And I'm going to reach back out to you of course, cause I'm going to have to, right. I don't have your XYZ. Like if you, sometimes if you don't even get a card, you can get them down on the schedule and it makes them like, they already something in their head goes, they've already committed.

And like, are they really going to change? Like you talk to them in some way, they go, well, they do do this and they go, yeah. Like put me down on the schedule and like, we'll get card often. And, and we'll like, we're not going to charge you. 

Like you can just can't, I just have to put the button down. Like I have to put a card down. Like I said, it will not charge you. 

It will not like it's encrypted. Like all that. If you run into like a skeptical person, that's like, well, I don't want to put my card down. 

It's like, the bank protects you number one. But anyways you know, like I said, we can go into sales on that. But yeah, I used to do, it's funny you said the tips thing. 

I used to do the whole like, well, let me give you some ideas, some tips. Like when you call around, I've been calling around other places where for price fairly a lot of places, places like don't have insurance, they, this, they, that, they don't have safe speakers or they have some new speakers. They don't have English speaking people. 

They X, Y, Z. They don't have a satisfaction guarantee. And I literally tell them how to go like shop and find someone else and just didn't have as many people come back. Like try to take on that very helpful friend sort of approach and like, go like, let me help you. 

And just didn't have as good results with that. So just a idea there. Highlights. 

Give me a, we'll go over sales training tomorrow. So you'll be in that. You should be in that. 

Give me highlights for past week. Yeah. That restaurant, we got the third of the group.

So we have all three of those cocktail lounges. And it's just good for our resume too. And our offering because they're pretty high end, I guess cocktail bars or whatever you want to call it in Toronto here. 

So, yeah, that's great. And probably going to look to add those to when approaching other restaurants, like it kind of just helps flame the fire. Very good. 

Love it. Courtney, headwinds and highlights. Give me some difficult things over the past week and then some awesome things in the past week, two weeks. 

I know you were on vacation. Okay. So good thing that's happened was we actually turned on the one-time booking yesterday.

It was my first time because I'm still having trust issues with the CRM, but it's actually awesome. So we sent out 20. So I went from past clients, honestly, since we've opened, but people are actually responding. 

We've gotten two bookings from it. I know from the one-time follow-up sequence. Yeah.

The one-time follow-up and then we got two inquires for late April. So after Easter and everything, and that was awesome. Honestly, I didn't have to do anything. 

All I did was hit. Okay. We got a couple do not disturb, but in their defense, one moved and that's fine. 

I don't care. It automatically stopped. Did you know that your system puts it in? I didn't have to do anything.

So that was cool. And then another thing, we're Google verified now. I don't know what to do from there, but we did it like, all right.

But I realized I texted the guy that allowed us to use the commercial space and everything still has not charged me. I told him, thank you for everything. Can I start paying you? No response.

So I'm going to pull up on him tomorrow. Like I'm trying to pay you. I'm trying to pay. 

Thank you. That's awesome. That's another one.

I love it. Okay. Highlights, Google verified the CRM.

We're increasing our trust in the CRM and the CRM is making money. It's because I'm learning it. So with something new, I, it's terrifying.

So just do it terrified, right? Yeah. Yeah. But that thing paid for itself.

So I think Jack was the one who put that in the community and I was just like, yeah, it works. Actually, that's the reason why I did it. Cause he did it first. 

I was like, well, if he did it, I'm going to do it. Good. Good. 

No, it's awesome. Thank you for that, Jack, for putting that in there. Of course. 

Okay. Difficulties. Were you, were you struggling right now? Did you figure out the hiring thing or are we still putting that off? Oh, you know him so well. 

No, I haven't started the hiring thing. What I need to do is I'm actually having both. I'm like, I need to hire and I need more leads.

And no, I've looked at the leads tutorials and no, I'm not spending money on leads. Okay. No, I know that's on me.

I will get over that too. But yeah, I have two bottlenecks right now and it's leads and hiring. Which one needs to be solved first? Leads.

Cause I can hire all I want, but I need leads. Okay. But if, if you have another booking every single day, you would like, you added 30 new bookings on top of whatever comes in organically right now, you had 30 new bookings in April. 

So booking a day, like you, can your cleaners handle that at the moment? I already looked at my April's just to see how many we actually have open and I can fulfill. We got like a good solid 15. I can do 10 to 15, anything more than that. 

I can't. Okay. So, and if they want something right away, I can't. 

Yeah. What I would do is I would, I'd, I'd fix the, cause here's what's going to happen is you're going to get leads coming in and they're going to say, Hey, can you, can I do a clean tomorrow? Or, Hey, I need the clean to be on X, Y, Z day and you're just not going to be able to fulfill. And then you're going to go, I need to hire.

And so I don't want you to waste money on leads. And then here's the other thing too is which one is going to take a longer for the most part, it's probably going to be hiring. So like, let's say you turn leads on and then we're, we're two weeks ahead.

We're April 7th. You've got leads coming in and you're going, it's working. You need another booking a day. 

I need to hire someone. And then you are able to keep leads on for another week, two weeks, but you still, now you got to turn it off because now you have no space and you're, you're stuck with the labor bottleneck. Let's go the opposite way.

Instead of doing leads first, let's do labor first. So let's go imagine that scenario, right? That was the leads first, then the labor approach. If we imagine the scenario going labor first, you go and find someone most of the new Queens come in, you're able to get them on her schedule.

You're going to test, make sure she's good before you start giving new leads and that paying customer that's like, like, like turning your marketing on and really spending and booking someone that you're not really sure yet. Right. So tester, you get someone she's on it's April 7th.

She's good to go. You've given her like two or three Queens and you partnered her up and the girls are like, we love her. She's great.

And then you turn on leads and then where's the bottleneck. Now there's no bottleneck, right? You have leads on coming in and you have the ability to scale. If you go leads first, you're just gonna, you get what I'm saying? Like, it's gonna, it's gonna, it's gonna hurt you.

Whereas if you do labor first, like you're not wasting money on marketing. As long as you make sure she's, she's tested. So I don't want to, I don't want you to lose time.

I don't want you to lose money. I think going labor and then going leads is going to prepare you for growth better than the other way. And not to mention, I feel like some, like I'm not feel like summertime, springtime, summertime, like we're going into growth season. 

Right. So like you probably don't need to just find one person. Like you probably need to get, yeah, So, and you, you don't have a, like, you know, in the quiz, it talks about this, but you are, as far as labor goes, right.

There's leads, labor, logistics, and leadership. As far as labor goes, if just even right now, if one of your girls just had to go, like something had to happen, like she just something she had to move, like you're, you're in trouble to win. Like you're in big trouble. 

Right. Like even if you weren't planning to scale, you still would want to have at least one more, like kind of backup working alongside people in case someone left or two people left. So I think labor and then go into leads as well and we'll, we'll figure it out together.

But it's easier for me to help you solve the leads one. Cause I can just kind of show you exactly what we did and you can copy it. Labor's like, you just got to call, you got to interview, you got to test.

Like that's all inside your own business, you know? So that's what I would, that's what I would just recommend just to, and I know you probably are not even thinking through it as much as you're like, I just don't want to hire. I'm just going to do the other thing first. I'm like, let me do the easiest thing. 

Okay, fine. I'll hire. Yeah.

I need to hire anyway. So. Yeah. 

I know we're gonna do the one-on-one this week. So I sent you the booking schedule for that too. So we'll, we can do it.

We can talk about that then too, but definitely like hiring. I think that's the first thing. Okay. 

That's the headwinds, right? Nothing else. That's, that's really big. Big thing is hiring and getting leads so we can get that girl busy once she's, once she's on.

That's yeah. Okay. Pretty much. 

That's my biggest headwind. I didn't know what to do first. I was like, okay, leads first made sense, but you just said that. 

And I'm like, okay, labor. Fine. Yeah.

I can take a lot of advice from that. So that was helpful too. Sorry. 

You broke up there. When Rashaan actually shared his, how he hires. Yeah.

I was like, I'll just implement that and see how that goes. Yeah. Awesome. 

We just, we just hired three new people. That's awesome. Congrats.

Yeah. Yeah. That's great.

Easy for you guys. Yeah. I think we, I can ask Elijah, but I'm pretty sure I was sick.

So Indeed posts, I think we sponsored it, had a bunch of people reach out. Elijah scheduled like multiple days of, or not multiple days, like seven, eight interviews in one day and just had three phenomenal candidates and we just onboard them and then test them and probably end up with two out of those that are like actually good. How much did you guys actually pay to get a sponsor? I don't do this.

I'd have to look at it. Yeah. I'd have to look at it.

And then I also made a Facebook post like a week ago and I can copy the Facebook posts, but, and, and put it in here. Actually, I'll just go ahead and do that. You guys, but I just go to like a local, like Dallas cleaners, you know, Facebook group thing. 

And then I posted this and had a bunch of people DM and had like seven comments, actually still getting some comments, which is interesting. But I'll put this into school for you guys. I'm going to throw it in the chat and see you guys can read it as well.

So that's what we put for a Facebook group. And like I said, I'll upload it to school at this exact moment. If you guys can't tell if I don't do something exactly as I think about it, it just goes into the abyss of nothingness.

Okay. Okay. Hiring copy, paste.

Okay, cool. Rick and Melissa, how are you? Wonderful people doing this week. Headwinds first and then highlights.

I think a headwind is always going to be hiring. I think it's a headwind for everybody all the time for the rest of eternity. Yeah.

But I think I just, I just turned off the Google ads because it seemed like it was really charging a lot of money. And I wasn't seeing any results. we got, we probably got like six or seven web form leads.

They may have come from that. But really for what they were charging, it was ridiculous. So I turned it off.

I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to turn it on for one week and turn it off for a week and then just compare the weeks and see, you know, how much change actually happens. Yeah, I'd be interested if we were to do like a breakdown of what's going on there. Because like for us, and I know like for Jack, there's just like attribution of like, I know like this amount spent, turning this amount of leads, turning this amount of bookings, because it's just connected all the way through.

So there's some kind of just attribution thing there, I'm assuming. But I don't know, we can take a look. So you like, how much money did you spend? You said you got six or seven leads? Well, our advertising budget for this month went up by $1,700.

And that was the only thing I did differently was turn the Google ads on. So I still have the LSA running. That's been running, that's always running.

The Google ads started a new campaign. And, yeah, it just jumped my budget up and it actually ate up my, ate up everything I had. So I don't want to do that.

So it spent $1,700? How much did it spend? It spent, yeah, it added, yeah, it was another $1,700 for that marketing campaign. That's how much it racked up in charges. Okay, and you can't, and... And I probably got maybe a thousand in sales out of it.

That's not, it wasn't worth it. Okay, yeah. So something went on there.

And that's PPC. Yeah, that's PPC, yeah. How did you, like, learn to set it up or try to set it up? How did I learn to set it up? Yeah, like, did you, did, like, a Google rep walk you through, like, a YouTube video or what was the... No, I'm not that... All I did was get on there, start a campaign, go through its recommendations.

It wanted, you know, three videos and a couple of dozen pictures. And just... And actually, I had ChatGPT actually help me create a lot of it too. So I think that's probably the best way I can describe it.

Okay, yeah. So pictures and videos means that it was deployed through the content display network, the CDN. I don't know if they still call it that. 

They still call it that, the CDN. So we tested that. So when we tested it, our cost per lead went up.

I want to say it's like 4 or 5x. Could be higher, could be even 6. I think we were averaging about $40 cost per lead PPC. And then sometimes a little less with our, like, actually optimized campaign.

And we're like, hey, let's try content display network or let's try this. Someone's recommending it, yada, yada. I'd like to talk to ChatGPT.

ChatGPT says we think it'll work. So we're like, we always, we're always testing. We're always testing, always trying to improve, always trying to learn and grow and see what's new, what you can do.

So we did that, ran it for a week. And it went from being like $40 to upwards of $200 for just a lead. So honestly, spending $1,700 and only getting what could be like 6 or 7 leads is not far off from about where we ended up when we tested that for a week.

So yeah, we can sit down and possibly do something. Me and Elijah set up PPC for people. The thing about, like, we could just take what we're doing in our ad account, put it into yours.

The problem is that it's just not guaranteed to work. Like, I can take exactly what's working for us, exactly what we're doing, put it into your account and watch it just fail. But it's still, so it's like, I don't want to charge you or, like, make you pay for something that could fail.

And at the same time, like, Elijah and I are so busy. It's like, I don't want to, like, do something and there not to be, just make it worth the time, you know. So we're trying to figure something out, whether it's like, hey, let's do a video and walk through.

Let's do like a one-on-one consultation, video all of it, say here's how it's done. Go and set it up yourself instead of us setting it up. But you guys would have gotten a lot better results if you had a different PPC setup.

So I don't look at it as PPC doesn't work. That's not the conclusion. I look at it as just the setup and the way that it was structured was different, wasn't, didn't work for you guys in your area with your offer.

Like Jack's setup that he paid someone else to do is, like, totally different from our setup. And it's still, like, it still works well for him. I think, Jack, you were getting like a $40 cost per lead.

Were you not last time I ran through your numbers? Yeah, it's about that. A little more than that. I think it's like 53.

But high-intent lead. Canadian or U.S.? Oh, yeah, yeah. Sorry.

Canadian? Yeah. Okay. Monopoly money.

Monopoly money. Cool. So there could be something there.

And then it's almost, I'd almost be, I don't know. So I want to see it work. And I know, Courtney, you're going to run into this as well, getting leads going.

And like Jack's way, or Jack, the guy that said Jack's stuff, his way of doing things is totally different. So it's like if one way doesn't work, try another way. You really just keep giving it a shot until one of them just kind of works for you.

And hopefully ours works. Maybe it doesn't. I just can't guarantee something.

But it's a conversation to have. Okay. So Headwind is that, of course, hiring is always going to be an issue.

But PBC, we use the content display network. Here's the other thing, too. If you guys ever get a call from Google and they tell you, hey, we have recommendations for your ad account, just hang up.

It will ruin. We get a lot of them. And, yeah, we just.

Seriously? Matter of fact, we get five a day. Yeah. They will ruin your ad account.

I'm not kidding you. The amount of stories and you can look it up, they will seriously ruin your ad account. This is a Google recommendation.

Do not do it. So that's why it's hard listening to ChatGBT and Google's recommendation on the freaking PBC page. Because a lot of them are.

Are they incentivized for you to get good results? Are they incentivized for you to spend as much money as they can get you to spend? Let's be honest. I did it with Google. And I need to verify she was with Google.

I spent so much money. It's shameful. The PBC? Well, yes.

And Google. And she was a real Google representative because, you know, you get scam calls and real calls. She was a real call.

Yeah. Yeah. The real Google representative.

Yeah. It's unfortunate. She blew up your account, too.

You already know. Yes. Yes, she did.

I don't get it. But, I mean, I kind of get it. I think it just is what it is, right? We just move on.

Hard lesson learned. But, cool. Highlights.

I know we talked about highlights right when it was just you and I, Rick. But for the class. Yeah.

It's been, this has been a good month. We started at March 1st. We were at 7,000 in sales.

And we're up to 13,500. And April is already at 10. And I only see that growing.

I think we have a shot to get to maybe 17 or 18 in April. Yeah. That's going to be outstanding.

I can't wait. And your highest before that was like 10K in a month, right? Yeah. So this month was your biggest month.

Yes. We did 10K in December and then again in February. And March has just exploded.

So, it's been good. Yeah. It's been awesome.

And I got to tell you, I think it was already mentioned once. But the CRM really, really does help a lot. The automation that we have set up has just been crazy.

We did get a couple of cleans from past clients. It's the same type of deal. We're just now.

I have my first cleaner hired that's running through the cleaner pipeline. So, that one is still kind of an experiment, making sure we have everything right. But I got to tell you, I discovered in the automations.

I'm a coder. So, I completely understand how automations work. And I think I can make them do anything.

I discovered the go-to that tells you to. So, you can be anywhere in the workflow and tell it to go to another part of the workflow. That has just been amazing.

It's really did a lot to streamline a lot of things and make it much easier to follow to understand what's happening. How have you been using it or using the go-to to improve things? Well, it's like that go-to. The one that I really use a lot in is the IVR.

The IVR, I went to 11 labs and had an AI voice made up for answering the calls for a call attendant. And that has helped a lot. We don't have the robo calls anymore.

All those robo calls were the Google calls. Yeah. I don't know how that works.

Right. So, anyway, I have it working. So, it will give them option three to ring us only between certain times of day.

And then after hours, it will only offer voicemail. It has helped a lot. It just helps our sanity because the phone is not ringing constantly.

And I had to divide it up because I had to also make it work for weekends. So, I had four different levels of that tree that were all doing either answer, you know, send the call through to us or go to voicemail. So, I just have one set of go to voicemail or send it to a call.

And all the go-to's go to that one. So, I only have one to manage. And that's just been great.

And it's amazing. So, that go-to is then a godsend. That's great.

And I have a couple of other automations that I use it in. But that one was a big one. I love it.

That's really good to hear. I'd be curious to see or hear a little bit more about this, Rick. I think it's like maybe if you can post in the school or something how you change this.

I'd just be curious to see what paths you're running or how you've optimized this for your own, like, lifestyle. Really. Yeah.

I can take a snapshot of it and share it with Alex. And then he can, you know, I can't post. I can't put anything in the classroom.

You can put it in the community, like the post section. Yeah, right there. And we'll talk about it.

Yeah, the big thing that I guess got Rick to look at the IVR, I wish I knew what that stood for. Do you know what it stands for, Rick? Voice recording? No. What is an IVR? What is an IVR? I was going to ask what it meant.

Interactive voice response. Yeah, it's basically like when you call and then that IVR goes, hey, this is so-and-so for one, for sales. Oh, gotcha.

If you're an existing customer, if you're calling, yeah, that sort of thing. But you're able to, if you're getting a bunch of like spam calls and robocalls constantly hitting your phone, well, you can set up an IVR where like ours, like our business says, hi, this is the Faithful Cleaners. Press one to connect.

That's it. That's all our IVR says, like nothing else. And when they press one to connect, then it actually calls us.

But that cuts out all the robocalls because the robocalls can't press the number one. So you're able to reduce the amount of spam calls you get. So if you have that issue, then that's the solution for that.

Gotcha. Okay. Yeah, I don't know if you get a bunch of that in Canada.

Yeah, we don't. I don't like my voice much on a phone call. They did as Melissa.

So we did the 11 Labs AI voice, and it really did turn out well. So love it. That's awesome.

Really cool. Awesome. Okay, we got 10 minutes here.

If we can just hit like one high value thing from everyone. I could just ramble. I don't want to just ramble.

What's like something that would push top of mind for you guys that would really push you guys forward. Whoever wants to go. I just want to say as far as hiring versus getting leads to start.

We were definitely afraid of hiring somebody when we had no work to give them. But we were advised to hire first. We hired our first cleaner said, well, all right.

We don't know when it will have work for you, but we'll let you know. And it was a day or two. We had work for them.

So it's worth it to get the hire in first. Do it. Hire somebody.

Don't worry. Don't be afraid of that. Just as long as you make sure that they know that it's going to be a slow start.

And that's what we tell all of our hires. It's a slow start where you have to develop. You have to earn our trust before we really give you a lot of work.

And so they understand that going in. And don't be afraid to hire first. And the leads can come later.

Fair enough. It's just me. It's me.

Yeah. That being super transparent, like Courtney, you're like, you're great at being very transparent and honest with people. I mean, kind of like you said, like, you know, work's going to come in.

But I actually don't really know why you're. I know you kind of mentioned it, but why you're you're scared to bring up scared. But I know part of it is the logistics.

But part of it sounds like just worried about the quality of work that someone does and reflecting badly on you. But that's the part we built so hard to get, like, 70 reviews, all five star. And if someone comes in and ruin it, I kind of want to punch them in the throat because that's years of work.

Yeah, that's mainly it. That was the trust. It's not anything else.

Yeah, totally. I totally get that. Partner him up.

It was really partner him up and give your your best girls get your best girls opinion on that. And on the reviews part, just because I saw it like crush this other guy. And he's now like a four point seven, four point eight.

He was five stars all the way up until about 200 reviews. And they took a step back to so much pride, fought every bad review, did everything you could to get good reviews. And then he passed 200 reviews.

I mean, it was just killing him like he's been in business for two years, very seriously going at it, needed to take a step back for health, family. And but he was still very emotionally connected to in a good way, some in some ways, but in a bad way in other ways of how his business is a reflection of him. And so his team kind of dropped the ball a couple of times.

I know cleaners didn't work out. So they had a couple on the span of like three months have like probably five to 10, like one star reviews or not, not five star reviews. And he really like he really can't call people to try to get after them.

I'm talking about some bit corny of like he's a hard head wants to fight. But part of it is that his he's just too emotionally involved in the business as far as what it stands for and everything. So that's something I've been able to learn is that like this.

This was my baby. It's not my baby anymore. It's a asset that I'm able to use to bring money in for myself and for one day, my family.

And I'm not, you know, more emotionally connected to it than it financially is going to benefit me. And as far as people to people, I'm going to take care of people as best as I can, both customers and cleaners and virtual assistants. But like reputation reviews and all that, it can drive you insane.

It drove me insane. I saw my drop my friend like really crazy. So just a side thought on that.

Not that you're too involved or you take whatever. There's just a thought there because I've felt a lot of pressure and Elijah felt a lot of pressure in the beginning to of having an upset person really upset us because we really cared. But you got to put the care in the right areas.

And I know that you care a lot specifically. I think you all you all really care. Yeah.

Anyways. Are you going to sell like you put that in there like in the community? Am I going to what? Sell? The business? Yeah. We got offered.

It just didn't make sense. He basically goes, I got a certain amount. He's doing like close to six figures a month in California.

The guy that reached out, but it's California. So he's getting taxed and they started another business in another area. They're doing well.

They started a third like another clean business and they're starting a third one. They also run at like meta ads for clean business owners and they're like, hey, look, we want to start starting from scratch. We'd rather just take on another business.

You guys have great infrastructure. You guys is like, I've seen your stuff. Like, I know you guys are solid.

Like, what are the numbers? What's this? What's that? And he's like, I can't offer you enough money. Just because from what we have, like literally available to give you. I couldn't, I couldn't offer you enough.

And I also look at where you're at. And Elijah was here too. He's like, I know where you guys are at, Alex and Elijah.

And like, we were at just about where you guys were at before we exploded. Like going into summer and you know, it's going to pop off. You know, you have the infrastructure.

You know, you have the VAs. You're not going to get stressed by it. You're just putting money into marketing, even without marketing, DVPs coming in.

Like they have like 300 reviews or something on the GDP in San Diego, I think. So he's like, look, I can offer you 50K. I know that you guys are going to be doing upwards of.

He says he really thinks he's like, we're doing almost six figures. I think he has to be like six figures in like a year, a month. And he's like, I mean, I'm kind of hurting my own, you know, offer here by saying that he's like, I can't offer enough.

I think you generally should hold. So he just offered 50 grand and I was just like, yeah, it just doesn't make sense. But would it be nice for a 50 grand payday? Sure.

But would it be a lot nicer to wait, you know, six months, wait a year and $200,000, $300,000 payday? Yeah, a lot better. Honestly, like if the business is doing even like 60K a month, which is our, I think 60 or 80. I can't remember.

We wrote it down for like what our end of year goal was monthly. But let's say it's just doing 60K a month, 60K a month at about 25% profit. You're looking at like 15K a month actual profit.

And then you do like across the year. So 15K profit times 12. So that's 180K profit in a year.

And then you sell for like two, 2.2 X that. So, you know, if you're at 60K a month and 25% profit, you could sell for, you know, two, no, three, 60 to, you know, four, 400, something like that. So like, all right, Mike, do I want to take 50K now or would I rather hold on and do that? Especially when I'm holding me holding on, it looks like me going, okay, no, we're not going to do anything and just continue to pay payroll on at the VA run it, you know? So that's why that like last stage is like, you've got survival and then you've got stability and then you've got scale, but then you have like just sustain and sell.

It's like you could just keep it, you know, or you could sell it. But really like, it's just, if you sustain, I didn't, sustain is going to actually continue to grow. It's not going to stop growing.

So we will sell probably at some point in the future, but I definitely want to run the numbers up. Cause like right now, like if someone offered a fair price for it, I think a fair price for it is more than 50K, but not as much as I actually want to get out of it. So that is that I got extra time.

So we can go over a couple of minutes, Jack. Yeah. I just had one thing, maybe feel this out to everyone.

People World Cup's coming to Toronto and I think there's a lot of people converting their condos to short-term rentals, Airbnb space. I had two calls this week for Airbnbs having, and like starting in May and never had an Airbnb call prior. So I'm wondering, I know these, I see that they're a big pain in the booking quality group.

Everyone complains about them, the laundry, the turnovers, all that. Does anyone have experience with that? I did Airbnbs when we first started. The profit margin didn't make sense for the amount of work they wanted us to do. 

And that was just my experience. Okay. Yeah.

That's the typical is like, if you own an Airbnb, you're trying to spend as little on expenses as you can. So it's like, you're going to, you're going to fire or you're going to hire and find a single mom on Facebook marketplace. And hopefully she does get enough job, but she's desperate enough for work.

She's willing to take not that much, just the reality of the situation. Yeah. And I quoted them and haven't really heard back.

So I figured like my 40 minimum would be like, if we're doing two, two, three turnovers a week, the minimum I could charge is 37.50 an hour. Pay my cleaners $25 an hour. And they're there for four hours.

What's your typical, like, what do you usually charge you're offering them 37.50, but what do you usually charge people? It would be a one-time clean. The lowest we would go is 55 an hour. So do you, would you rather like have to deal at the beck and call of an Airbnb three times a week or leave the space open for someone who's going to pay full price? That is a natural recurring, you know, that's the difficulty.

Yeah. The only enticing thing is the frequency of it. Like I know you like, it's also, you can say it on the other side, the frequency of it's bigger pain, but if I could find a routine cleaner who's happy to go in quite consistently for that rate.

And then if you minimum four hours, if you can't do the Airbnb, like your, your cleaner, like if you've put it on the schedule, we know we're going to do that this Sunday. And then you get the Sunday morning and your cleaner goes, Hey, I'm sick. I can't do anything.

I mean that completely screws Airbnb if they have to like, cause they have another person coming in Sunday afternoon. So you gotta be there from, you know, Sunday at 11am to Sunday, 3pm. And then you call them at 10am and go, Hey, sorry, Airbnb person.

I can't clean your home. That's a one-star review. That's a charge back.

That's a someone screaming at you over the phone that you told them you were going to do it. And now they have to figure out what to do on their Sunday with you saying, I can't go do it. Right. 

So it's, it's a bit, it's also a heavier responsibility to take on. So better have like a bench, you know, if people you could call and solve that problem. I recently brought on a contractor who says that this is kind of her bread and butter and she has, you know, three or four family members who she cleans with.

I might field it out to her, see if it's a good idea, but that would be probably the extent of it after this call hearing the negatives do outweigh like just the constant. It's a high pressure scenario. It's not something like your checkout's 11.

You have to be out of there by three and they want the full four hours of work to be done. Right. Cause there's three laundry cycles. 

So like, yeah, there's no real room for error. It's possible to mitigate the financial risk by telling the subcontractor if they confirm they are liable for any damages X, Y, Z from that clean. And so you could put something in a contract that's like if they charge back or if we have to like whatever, whatever the situation is that they will like the subcontractor subcontractor one, you can even do like a, some kind of cash value for a one-star review because you were putting on so much responsibility to, you're taking on so much responsibility, but you aren't the one actually going out and personally clean the home.

So you can't personally guarantee that your cleaner, your sub's going to do that. So I don't know if that's worth exploring. We have FIFA coming to us about 45 minutes away to the Dallas Cowboys, AT&T stadium. 

So it's something I'm seeing ads. I'm seeing people talk about Airbnbs in the area. I'm sure it's going to pop off, but I mean, I'm just not willing to yeah.

Take on, I mean, so someone's paid full price because they couldn't find a good cleaner. We're kind of, we're like that option for people is like, if the cheap one wasn't able to show up and do things or they can't do it that week, then you're calling us and going like, look, I know I'm going to pay more than I want to for cleaning. But it'd be good for to have a backup option. 

It'd be good to, you know, so we tell them we're that, you know, but nobody's like only one person. I think one person consistently uses us and she don't even know why they can say, yeah, we've done like four cleans for them. And we know why they consistently use us.

I think it's a little because they haven't found another cheaper cleaner that's going to do the job well. I think they keep having to come back to us because someone else isn't doing it right. Yeah. 

Okay. Oh, that's great. Thanks for that.

Yeah, definitely. Yeah. We've done like four queens for them and it's like, yeah, I feel like you can tell there's like, we did a cleaning and then it was like six days and then they didn't need a cleaning. 

And then it was, we need to clean Sunday and we need to clean Monday. And then it was, Oh, we're actually good for like two weeks. And then it was, we need a clean.

We need this cleaning. We need this cleaning. It's like, I feel like they're probably just rotating through people not doing a good job.

So, so they can find a better one. Yeah. I think that's what's going on there, but yep. 

Okay. Big things and seeing what have big things. Can I change my Google name now to like made to work slash King of Prussia or just copy whatever you guys have or yeah. 

Yeah. That area that you're in should be able to, cause especially cause you, I mean, the worst that happens is they ask you to verify, you know, so you just, you verify. But with the, I feel like I put it in the video, but like when we did the live call, you did, you did the video, not the live call, right? Yeah, I did the video. 

Okay. So like in the video you can't edit your name before you do the thing. You have to wait till after. 

So like live call, they can edit it while they're on the live call with you and fix it for you. So I don't know if they'll ask you to re-verify, but you should put like the made to work, you know, the slash and then or the divider, the straight one, and then the house cleaning service. And then that city that you're, yeah, the city that you're in.

And then one that's what the, that you want to attract the most people from. Does your signage need to reflect that exact name? Yeah. Yeah, it does.

I pulled this out for someone else. I'm not going to pull it out right now, but like our sign outside the door literally says the faithful cleaners house cleaning service prosper. Yeah. 

Okay. Got it. Yep. 

Yep. Anything else guys? See you tomorrow. Yeah. 

Have a great week everyone. Yeah. Good. 

Yeah. Curious on these calls. Do you guys feel like this is the best way to go about it? Cause it's just so few people here. 

What's going good. What's going bad and then addressing it. Or do you guys feel like there may be or just suggestions or recommendations for a better way to do this? Cause I'm, I'm here to help you guys as, as much as I can.

And if you guys feel like this works great. Also, if you guys feel like there's maybe another way that would help you guys, I just want to hear about it. I think for me this time on Wednesdays is good.

And I enjoy these, these, these calls here. Too many people would make it difficult for you to get through in one hour. So just a few of us on a call like this, where we all learn a little bit from each other.

I think it's a great way to do it. Love it. That's why I think that's why it ain't cheap.

So we can keep it small. Yeah, for sure. I learned from you guys.

So that's really important and it's great and inspiring to see growth too. So we haven't attended a sales call yet. Just in two weeks, I won't be available on Thursdays anymore.

So it's going to be, if we are in the call, Melissa is going to have to do it. She don't like to do it without me. No worries. 

Yeah, we can try to find another time or figure things out, but I don't mind doing this stuff. So I'll see you guys. Show us more about the Harvest ERM since everybody's getting used to it as well.

It sounds like that'd be great. Like if we could do more technical, you know. That's really good. 

I would appreciate that. Yeah, let's do a technical class. I'm not tech savvy, and I told you I do everything afraid.

So it sounds like if you guys do it first, I will copy. Okay. Yeah, smart list was one of the things on my agenda to better understand.

Okay. Yeah, smart lists are essentially a dynamic contact list. So if you put a filter, then, I mean, I got time.

So if you guys want to ask questions, I don't know, Rick, if it's going to be valuable. You guys are pretty savvy up in there. Go high level.

But the smart lists are, yeah, just dynamic. So if I want to engage with people that are cold, for instance, I can put the filter of, you know, cold tag, or I can put this lead was, and this lead is in the long-term follow-up stage, and the contact was created, you know, at least three months ago. Then that list, that smart list, if you put those filters on that list, you can name it.

Then that list will constantly be putting those contacts there.