Thank you. Presentation is starting. Don't be weird on me. 

It's being weird on me. Hold on. OK, I'll be right back because it's just being weird. 

Nothing. OK, I don't know why that was being so weird. All right. 

Let me share my freaking screen now. OK. All right. 

There we go. So the conversation went like the way I talked to her was I'm going to go find cleaners. This is one of the ways that we find. 

And do that right now. Stop. OK. 

You're just calling. Hi there. Is this a do you do cleanings? Yeah.

Oh, OK. Awesome. I'm I'm in a Frisco area.

Proper area. I've got a I've got a cleaning business and I have too many claims. So I'm looking for just other cleaners. 

Would you be interested in that? Do you know anyone else? Because we we need cleaners really bad. OK. How many houses we talking about? Yeah. 

So, I mean, we have cleaners with schedules packed. So, I mean, if you wanted to clean ten houses in a week, if you wanted to clean two houses a week, it just depends on your schedule. I'm sure you have your own clients. 

Yeah. We can talk about it. I don't know how much is.

How many cost to me? How much you want to pay for that? Yeah. So, yeah. So what we do is.

Yeah. So what we do is we give a percentage of the clean. So like last week, we had three cleaners that we have.

We have about eight cleaners right now, and that's I'm looking for more because we're growing. But we had three cleaners that all made more than forty dollars an hour because they're just good cleaners. So and I'm happy to have you talk to them and ask them usually what we do from here is if you're looking for more cleans and you'd be happy to be a part of our team.

Like we just set up like a time, like an interview. I don't want to take 30 minutes right now. I know, but interviews, you can ask questions and I can give you like, you know, full information on it.

But we really need more cleaners because we just have so much work. I'm calling around trying to find more people for our team. OK. 

Sounds good. What's your name? My name's Alec. What's your name? Can we book a time? And then just she's like, yeah, text me and then texted her and then booked a time.

I don't know what the team did with it because they're running interviews and stuff now. But it was literally just that was just like, call, call people around and go like, we need cleaners. You know, are you still clean? Can we set a time to talk? I was trying to watch your interview process that you have in there, too.

One of the links doesn't work, though. Like, it's just not hyperlinked. That's why.

It sounds like Maria Vasquez. Oh, I see. OK. 

Example interview. OK. I can just message my team.

OK. I'll have them send me the link and I'll be able to upload it. Yeah, it's been really helpful for us to just follow the cleaner handbook.

Do we have a hyperlink to this? OK, I can take this file. Just download this file. So it's not a notion. 

Download your handbook. OK, let's make. Thank you. 

Page. Cleaner handbook. Or I can take this link, hyperlink it here.

Always stuff to do. Hello. Hey, what's up, guys? How's it going? Very good.

Just like that there. And put that there. Rashaun, you said your interview process has been or not interview process.

We've been finding people through Indeed instead. Right. Yeah.

Through Indeed, I use automation to follow up with them. And it's just been wonderful. So that part, you know, has been easy for me.

The least part now is more work for sure. Yeah, gotcha. Where are you getting leads right now? Well, right now I'm using LSA, but I turned down the budget just so I won't lose now because I can't follow up.

You know, I'm here at work, you know, so I got to find some way to, you know, be on the phones while here at work. So we've got to hire a VA at some point soon. Yeah, gotcha. 

Yeah. Yeah. Keep an eye out.

I was just talking to another VA recently. It seemed like a good fit. So if we end up picking him or if we don't pick him, I can send him your way.

But, yeah, you can find some pretty good days out there. Yeah, that definitely is a struggle. You know, if you're not able to pick up the phone because, you know, sales happens on the phone.

You want to jump on people the second they come in. So that's definitely a priority for you. Yeah. 

I found some good VA's before in a prior business on online jobs. You know, so I may just go back there, you know, and find someone ASAP. But if you have someone in mind, I'll for sure check them out.

Yeah, I can send them your way. You said you decreased LSA. How much was your cost per call for LSA? Man, I would just say it's through the roof.

I've had maybe I can look right now. I booked one job from it so far, but I've had maybe about 45 leads in total. You know, through text, a few phone calls, but well, actually more phone calls and less text.

But that one job so far, that was through text. I'm able to just chat with them while I'm here. I work on my computer really quick.

But the calls, of course, I can't take. So I'm getting more leads in through calls. I have to find a way to really just handle those.

OK, how much was how much did you have to spend to get those 45 leads through LSA? So far, about about 850. OK, OK, so it's only like what area are you in? Jersey City. Well, that's a county in New York and NYC.

So, yeah, I'm from Jersey City. Really? Yeah. Nice.

Are you here now? No, I'm in Philly now. OK, great. I love Philly. 

What part of Philly are you in? I like the suburbs part. Montgomery County. OK, dope, dope.

I went to Temple back in the days to date myself, but back in the early 2000s. So I lived in Philly for about five years. You know, great city. 

Wonderful. Yeah. Very nice. 

Dude, that's a great cost per lead for LSA. Rick's got that as well. It's like twenty two dollars a call.

What I have to know from the conversations I spent on my eight. Eight hundred fifty. Eight hundred fifty dollars I've spent so far.

Not eight dollars and fifty cents. Yeah. Divided by 45. 

So you're like less than twenty dollars a lead. So he's like twenty two dollars a lead to LSA. So like my area.

And then, yeah, I'm curious, Courtney, what yours is. But our area is like seventy dollars per per lead for LSA. So it's just it's just undoable. 

Is that about what yours is, Courtney? Yeah. Yeah. So that's why I would say, you know, it's the easiest one to turn on.

But it's just not profitable for most people because they don't have a twenty dollar. Like you do less than twenty dollar cost per lead. But I have seen that the tax, like the conversion rate for people that come in through tax for LSA is like way lower than the conversion rate for people that come in through phone.

So when you do have a VA, I would honestly just turn off text. So that way VA can just take phone calls because your conversion rate is just much higher with the phone calls. People that text aren't as serious. 

You know, they're just there's not so. OK. Yeah. 

Yeah. When you get your VA, dude, that's like the big bottleneck right now. If you're working on a fire. 

OK. Is there anything you specifically want to go over, Rashawn? I just need to get a VA pretty much. That's like my main hurdle right now is to have somebody on those phones.

But if I could just show I'm sorry, I didn't get your name to work. Yes. I gave up and I just.

If I can just show Courtney my process quickly, that'd be great. I'm sure. Yeah. 

Yeah. I wanted to see your hiring process. OK, so let me just share my screen quickly.

Can you see my screen? Yeah. OK. So on my Web site, I have this application.

People come here and they fill out the application. And then once they fill out the application, it goes into the CRM here. So now this is the hiring pipeline. 

Right now, these people here are in the hiring pipeline. So I simply go to sites. I'm forums and I can view their application.

So let me just pull up this one, for example, just download it. OK, so then. Yeah, I'm right here.

Our forums form builder can just go here, add form, and then this is the form here. So I did it here in high level. So, yeah, it's the form embedded onto the site.

And then you're good to go. So after they get here now, let me just quickly review their application. And I just go through review and see if it's what I need.

OK, so less than six months. This isn't somebody who I hire because they don't have required experience. But just quickly go through the rest of the application.

OK, so this person here, I would not hire. So now what I'll do is I would just come back to the CRM and tag the opportunity. I have automation where I tag the status lost, extends them this message.

So this will remove them from the CRM and then they'll get this message here. So it will send them this pretty much denying their application. So that's pretty much the process in a nutshell.

Let me just look at the last one I have here. And. This person.

So, again, back to sites, forms to view their application. I love this, dude. Yeah, I'm just going to steal it. 

Yeah, sure. Yeah. Please do. 

Please do. OK, so, again, the experience isn't there. So this person, again, I wouldn't hire. 

So back to the CRM. And again, tag the opportunity as lost. And again, it will send them that rejection email to show you what that looks like.

And it gets sent directly to their email. So it's not like it's connected to Indeed. Right, right.

OK. And you're sent on the left. If it's sent. 

Right. Thank you. Let's do this for example's sake.

OK, so we send them this email automatically. So now, let's say, for example's sake, if they had, you know, the good experience and they had, you know, all the requirements that I that I need and I was going to move forward with them, I would send them this email. I would send them an email to go on my calendar and schedule a link to an interview with me.

So they'll receive this email when they do that, that email. And also I have a similar one for onboarding. So pretty much it's been a real easy process.

You know, getting the intake from Indeed. They apply on the site, goes into the CRM. And now with automations, that follows up with them just easily and automatically.

And that's really about it. So the hiring side of things have been very easy for me. Everything's automated. 

Yeah, exactly. It's just the lead side now that we have to work on. Very nice. 

Seriously, do you mind if I actually like kind of pull from what you did and be able to implement it for others? Sure. Go for it. Please. 

Yeah, I'm sure that'd be helpful. We've talked about, I mean, just because our VAs do it, you're on a time crunch. You're like, I need automation to do this. 

You have a VA. Our VAs are just like, well, we just put in a conversation with a VA and the VA handles it from there. But at scale, that'd also be really nice to do. 

Or if you're short on time, that's great. That's a great freaking workflow, dude. I love that.

Yeah, I'm going to steal it. Is it automatically hand-harvested or do I have to create it myself? No, I'm going to take it. Yeah, so Rishan put it from his old guide level and actually created that himself.

So then I can go and move it and I'll probably pretty it up or whatever and make it templatized, Rishan, instead of having all of your stuff in there, obviously. I can put that in yours, Courtney. That's super sick. 

Rishan, I appreciate that. Yeah, man. I mean, if it can help others, then why not? Oh, it's going to help me. 

I told you, it's the bane of my existence. So thank you. I love that.

How are you hiring right now, Courtney? I'm not. I'm avoiding you like the plague. I have my solid four girls and one I just hired around Christmas time.

So I was like, OK, I'm done for the year. I got four solid girls. And then we keep growing and I'm still trying.

But when we start doing this account in March, I need somebody else. Like we're at capacity and I have to face it. Yes, that's a win.

Oh, let me show. Let me show. I'm just one more thing. 

So if I'm moving forward with the applicant in the hiring process, then how that will look is I move them to this stage here to where it fires off. That schedule your interview email after we have an interview and it was good. I then move them to here. 

And then from from here, I move them to schedule onboarding, which then fires off that email to schedule onboarding. And yeah, after that, slow down the line after I move them. OK, so after I move them here now to we have the onboarding call, it went well and I want to move forward.

I move them now here, which then sends them this email to get their required documents that I need from them. So, like, for example, like the documents. Yeah, you're sending the documents through go high level. 

Right. Yes. And documents. 

Yeah. Contracts. Beautiful.

Yeah. So like it was send them this email. I have a question for that.

So we use that as a payroll provider. Can I and it already has the W-9 already built in it. Can I use that link and put it in there so they can just do the hiring stuff in there? You could. 

But doing it this way, when they upload their documents, it goes right into their contract. And so it's easier, you know, more seamless. Yeah.

I can also see if Zapier has a connection, Courtney, where like once it's uploaded and go high level like in the CRM, then it can shoot it over to Gusto. So you have it in both places. So it automatically moves it there to Gusto. 

I can look at that. Yeah. Let's do something really quick for example.

No wonder you're doing so well with hiring. Rashaun, do you have like a onboarding packet that you give the cleaners of like, hey, here's what to know about cleaning. Here's what to know about taking pictures about our standards and that sort of thing right now.

I do. Yeah. Let's read that really quick.

Yeah, I was curious because there's one I've got one in the school. I'm curious to how that one like how ours compares to what you send. I know where it is. 

Orientation. I do want to share a window in Harvest. I did my first time like review, like a snippet.

And I felt so cool. So I just want to share that. And yes, you left the review.

Yeah. So I give them this, Alex. I've got some basic like about us, how we operate, you know, what we offer our contractors.

Know more about our providers, know what we look for, their requirements, the docs that I need, things like that. The pay structure and like our, our, our cleans and then, you know, the breakdown of each cream or less. So after onboarding, I give them this, you know, all their run down the one twos.

And that's pretty much it. This goes out to also be, you know, automation. So it's automated and simple.

That's great. We put this in ours, whatever you can take from it. Yeah, feel free. 

The cleaner handbook. So we give them a couple like best practices and like service standards, standards. So like client experience guys. 

So how are you doing? I got it. Good. OK, so we go through here.

We do like before you arrive, make sure your marker on the way, check in, read before, bring all the supplies to the door. First, like all these kind of like suggestions and recommendations, the best practices. It's not a requirement to do these things, but these are just, you know, all these.

So we have some suggestions, pictures, final walkthrough, photo guide, cleaner scheduling guide, like how to use Coca-Cola, recommended cleaning supplies, type of clean home condition guides as well. Like what they should expect when they're choosing, like depending on the level of clean of the home. And if it's worse than what's there, what to do for each kind of add on.

But I think I'll definitely pull some of the stuff from yours and the stuff we send. It's been also. Yeah, this is dope. 

Thanks. Yeah. It's in Labor Fundamentals course. 

And then it's down here in the resources, the cleaner handbook. OK, perfect. So, yeah, I'll for sure pull from this to add this to our mind.

Yeah, very useful. Yeah. So just to wrap up, I'm not sure.

Can you still see my screen? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 

OK, so. When they get that email, let me just do a quick test run just so I can show you the proper emails. Yeah. 

I have automation where if they choose anything but car, it's automatic decline. So that saves time to time also. OK, so.

Perfect. So they apply. They see this message.

And then it goes right into the CRM. So we see here in the CRM again, I go check their application. You know, as I said before, I didn't know when I got to the email so that I get these emails and show you guys.

So let me do that really quick. OK. All right. 

So now after I do the application, they get to go. I now move them over to schedule interview. So not here.

Don't get that email. I showed you earlier. Is that attached to your personal calendar like a Google calendar? That what the schedule interview where they get to have that attached to here.

So I'll see it here in Google on the calendar. Yes, it's it's it's attached. So.

OK, I'm not sure why the email isn't firing, but. OK, so far, so sorry, guys. Yeah, this is your email and then you schedule interview.

And then you just automatically once you once you do the interview with them, then you move them to the next stage to post it. Right. And after from there, I'll then move them to schedule onboarding call.

So now after this, this this email should fire now. Let's see. So I changed my email address. 

So actually fire off. Maybe the email on the contact didn't get saved. Right. 

We didn't save that as well. OK, so it's not saving. It might be because you have another contact with the same email already in there.

Yeah, you're actually going to make two different contacts. OK, so this will work now. Let's bring it back and see if this firewall.

I think. Yeah, oh, and then it goes on. Five o'clock.

You guys, like, hey, just said it. No, it'll be the. So, here's the email that they'll receive, then they'll come in here, schedule their interview.

This calendar also is right in high level, so nice and easy. After they schedule their interview, I'll get, I have a zap to where I'll get, let me do it just so you see. So then, it should give me, well, it should give me something like this to where I'll see that they scheduled their interview, like a note on it saying that they did that.

When I see that, I'll then have the interview with them posted. After I want to now move forward with them, I'll then move them over to schedule onboarding, which then will fire off the next email, and again, they'll go ahead and schedule their onboarding from there. So the onboarding email, they'll get this.

Again, they'll come here, go to the calendar, schedule their interview, and then that's that. Now, after we have the onboarding, everything goes well, I need certain documents from them in order to properly onboard them. So at that point, I'll then move them over to here, and this is where I wanted to, I'm going to show you guys further.

So I'll then move them here, okay? So they did that, okay, here. Okay, now, so this is the important part. They'll get this email to upload their IDs, and also to expect other emails asking for the documents here.

So let's just go through this quickly. Okay, so they'll do that. Now, when they do this here, the IDs will automatically go right to their contact, which is great.

So Courtney, you could do it elsewhere, but doing it here in high level, just so much easier, you know, and more seamless. So there it is, you know, right there. Now, also, they'll get these emails asking for documents that you need.

Let me just see those. Yeah, so it's like step by step. So once they submit one, then it sends the email for like W9, and then for the next one and the next one.

Exactly. So they'll wait, and then send them. Okay, so that's probably why.

There we go. So they'll come here, and then they'll complete the background check. So they, you know, fill this out, submit that.

Again, that goes right into their contact in high level, so super easy. Then also, next they'll get the email to sign their W9, and also to sign the agreement. So it just fires off automatically, and that's pretty much it.

So hopefully that's helpful, Courtney. That's how I'm doing it now. No, it is.

Yeah. That's why I said I had to take it. Thank you.

You're welcome, you're welcome. Yeah, we'll work on that, Courtney. That'll be good.

Rashawn, that's freaking awesome, dude. I love it. All right.

Well, any big questions before we jump off, you guys? I'm good. In regards to the VA, what are you thinking as far as that? Yeah, I'll just send you their information, because I've got, I think, like two right now that we're actively looking. So one I messaged today, and he actually didn't reach back out.

So I'm like, you reached out to me, dude. So yeah, I'll put you in touch. And yeah, I mean, onlinejobs.ph is a great spot, too.

There's some really good people in Bangladesh as well that have really good English, honestly better than English than all the people in the Philippines, and they're cheaper, too. I mean, you can pay someone $3 or $4 an hour from Bangladesh. And I'll find them there.

Bangladesh? I don't know that one. I just have seen through Facebook groups, but there's probably a very similar thing. Word.

All right. So just before we go, I'm planning to get a VA and turn my budget on LSA back up. So now I cost them back in and we're off to the races pretty much.

Yeah. You just need the VA. All right.

I'll keep an eye out. I'll send you stuff. OK.

Thanks. You got this. All right, guys.

Hang in there. Yeah. Bye, Courtney.

Bye. Good meeting you. Likewise.