I think she'll be okay. All right, Courtney, how you doing? I'm good. All right, good to hear. 

Elisa, Elisa's going to join. She's just going to mute and just kind of, she's seeing if she wants to join the group, so I'll let her in. She's muted and just kind of hanging out. 

Okay, so I don't, I honestly don't want to wait to get things going. I prefer if we just like jump right into things, but I know Jack can be, Jack can sometimes take a minute. He always joins these. 

Okay, I'm going to give it till 4.03. I'm going to grab water when I get back. We're going to get started right into headwinds and highlights. Let's do that. 

All right, be right back. How are you this week, Rick? Where's Melissa? Well, she ran to the store, but she just walked in the house, so she's not up here. I was thinking about getting coffee right now, too. 

Yeah, she doesn't, she's not all that unhappy when she misses these calls. I like them. She's like, I'm going to go. 

Yeah, there she is. She's walking in. What did you say about me not being happy? What? You don't care if you miss these calls.

He ratted you out. I know. I can hear. 

He can't hear. I can hear everything. I was downstairs and I can hear. 

Oh, wow. You really got caught. You have really good hearing.

Yeah, yeah, whatever. How about you? How's your week going? It's only Wednesday. It's early in the month yet. 

Yeah, April 8th. It's crazy. Time flies. 

It's going pretty fast. All righty. Rick, I'll message you on the VA thing right after, because I got a pay grace Friday.

I'll send you an invoice, get her trained up. We'll go through nuances or details, any questions there. Courtney, how's Harvest? You got more sales from the fourth, fifth, sixth messages that are coming in? Not this week. 

Not yet, but I didn't do the next wave yet. Awesome. How many more, what percent of people do you have left to send stuff to? I think we have 50 more because I thought I was done. 

Then I just pressed right again. I was like, oh, more people. I think we have 50 more. 

I think I'm finally on the last page. Gotcha. Okay. 

How many pages were there before? How many people do you think you already hit? It was, I think, four or five pages total. Cool. How many sales do you think you ended up getting so far from blasting out to your database? We definitely got five. 

Then at least we got people answering us back that they're not interested because either they moved or anything. We could actually take them out of our database, which was good to know at least. Awesome. 

Cool. Love that. Okay, cool. 

Let's do headwinds and highlights. Rick, what you got for me? Well, we are for a headwind or not for highlight. Today, we started with our new VA, Grace.

We were on a call for almost two hours with her today, just getting her started, going over everything, all that good stuff. She's busy working right now. Another highlight is we're $250 away from reaching $15,000 for the month of April.

Already? Already. Eighth, man. Holy smokes. 

Last month closed out at $17,000 or what was it? $13,000. It was at $13,200, I think. Yeah.

Last month, it was at $13,200. Yeah. We started April at almost $12,000. 

We were at $13,200 on April 4th. What did you finish March at? What was March's? It was $13,200. Okay. 

Awesome. Record numbers. I love it. 

Every month, I see it. Courtney, you think this month will break last month's? Are you on track? Oh, yeah. We're already way past it. 

We're already past. I mean, we're on track. I mean, Courtney, I might have said. 

Rick, Courtney, are you on track? I just want to see you guys hit record months every month. We're going to hit a record month, I think, this month as well. Courtney, are you guys- Last month, and I think this month, we're on track right now. 

No reschedules, no cancels. We're good right now. That's good. 

Beautiful. Okay. Highlights for Rick, we've got Grace is coming on board. 

You know it's going to be nice, right? Then we've got, we're already at $15,000 or $250,000 away from $15,000, which is record months. We are sitting pretty there. How are the new cleaners? What's going on there? They haven't started yet. 

Good question because we need them. I have no room to do anything. I had to turn a once a week clean away because I had nobody to do it on the specific day they wanted. 

Yes, that was a lot of money. That hurts. It hurt bad. 

I mean, I was trying everything I could do. Yep. Okay. 

All righty. Test clean. How are we fixing the labor bottleneck? They've done the test cleans yet. 

They haven't done test cleans. They're onboarded. How's that going? They don't want to start yet. 

One of them is a tax preparer, so she doesn't want to do it until after the 15th. That was the 17th, so yeah, nobody wants to do anything. I'm like, okay, gotcha. 

Well, the good news is that they're serious enough. They're putting a genuine date of I'm going to start then. They've gone through, they've given you their documentation. 

They've decided they want to do this. We're a week out. If you wanted to, you could pause marketing. 

I know if you have any, if you have no space at all, I would pause it for a week and then turn it around. We have one spot for next week and then, I mean, we have some unless they want in tomorrow. Some people want next day. 

We definitely don't have that. Well, we also have, as far as, we have actually four locations that we operate in Looking Koala. One of them is pretty separate from the other three and that's the lakeshore. 

The lakeshore still has plenty of room. We could probably do a dozen, half a dozen, about a half a dozen more bookings easily. Okay. 

All right. So maybe marketing stays on, but just keep an eye out for that. If you're turning away people and wasting the money, then just give it a sec. 

We had to do that. Okay. Headwinds, other than turning away once a week, where I know we have, we still, headwind would be the labor bottleneck that we're still, we basically have solved, but it's going to be about a week, week and a half until it's like test clean to make sure the cleaners are good. 

So that's good. That's just a countdown thing. Like you guys are, you're good there.

That's good. Okay. So this gives you a bit of a week. 

We can still hire more too. We have room for more people. We could, I mean, every person that we, we did another highlight is one of our cleaners that's been on since like September. 

She's been out. Yeah. She, she, she stopped working like Thanksgiving weekend and she just came back on board. 

So we're already filling her up. So good. Yeah. 

That's been good too. So in a sense, I know it's kind of like, like we have to wait like a week, week and a half for the labor, but like take the downtime. Cause like once you fix your labor bottleneck and you're like, now it's time for me to fill up their schedules. 

That's when you start ramping up marketing. You start like there's more spend where you're ramping. Right. 

Which is, that means more of a time consumption from you as you scale stuff breaks, you fix the stuff that breaks. So in this like week and a half period, two week could be three weeks of like not too chaotic. Cause you got to test the cleaners once they are available. 

I would spend that time focusing on the VAs and SOPs. So that way you're this is prepared for scale disconnected from my time. Right. 

Because if you, and I experienced this, like we started to scale, we didn't have a VA yet. I mean, I literally would wake up at set. It was, it was great, but it also sucked. 

I'm a young guy, right? So I just got energy. I got nothing else. I have no one to take care of. 

I would wake up at six 30, seven o'clock and respond to all the messages, text all the cleaners, double check the schedules, deal with an upset client from the day before. And I'm not out of bed until nine AM. Cause I woke up, I rolled over, grabbed my phone and I'm doing things from bed until nine AM. 

Then I eat, then I drive to the office and on the way to the office, I'm on the phone call fixing something. And then as I get to the office, I check in with Elijah and go, Hey, I've dealt with this part, this part, how was the ads or how's this or how's this? And like, it was just, it was constant. Right. 

And so I was like, I, we, we cannot grow like this. Like I cannot continue to do this. So we already had, it was with the harvest, right? So it's not just the systems it's who's operating the systems. 

So I really want to get out the leadership course, talking about VAs and things this week. I might be able to put time to it tomorrow. I got a wedding that I'm waiting for Friday morning. 

So it might be a next week thing. So, but that, that, that part's really important, especially for you guys, as you're like, we're going to spend more according for you as well. You're going to spend more once this labor bottlenecks fix, it's going to get crazier. 

You're going to double in business very quickly, but operating as a human requires, you know, how do I manage the life and work stuff? So hence the VA. So I would take this week and take the next two, three weeks to really like, what is the role of the VA? What's the communication like with the VA? How do we give the VA tasks to do that are like, Hey, can you do this on the website? Like, how do I make that happen? Like, do I, what do I take? What does the VA take? So, you know, laying, laying out responsibilities of what's their work and what's your work. When do they need to escalate stuff to you? Because they, in a sense, they're not just, they're managing like a lot. 

So like I tell my VA, I've shared some of this stuff with you, but like we tell our VAs, if you need to ask about a $50 decision, don't ask. If it's under $50, you can do whatever you want. If you feel like you have a question about a policy for the future, then that's a conversation we don't have in that moment. 

We have that on a weekly review. I don't need a text from you at 4 PM saying, Hey, what do I do about the situation in the future? Because then I feel like I got to fix it right now. I'm not doing that.

Okay. So you come to our call on Friday with here's what you feel like needs to be done. Here's the policies that need to change. 

These are the kinds of things that you want to set a cadence of with the VA that I would just spend the next week, two weeks, like really being intentional about it. Whether you keep this VA, you go with another VA, the VA, you're creating the role for the VA. Your first VA that you have in your business is going to feel clunky because you're not having a VA step into a role. 

If I have a, like when we bring a VA on, that VA steps into a predetermined role with predetermined responsibilities and KPIs to hit exactly how every day is supposed to go. But you guys are kind of building that. Right. 

And so she's familiar. Grace is familiar from us training her and what it feels like, but in the end, it's your business, the way you guys operate. So I would say focus on that area. 

That's probably the biggest help I could give you. Cause it is, it is going to be a bit clunky of like, what about our SOPs and how do we want to operate? So everyone's different. So thoughts on that? Yeah, I spent today getting, just getting some stuff prepared for Grace and got, got the sales, the one page sales SOP in there for her.

Unfortunately, she's, she was way behind getting onto our accounts because she gave me the email address that she gave me. She wasn't even checking and I was sending her all the invites. And then she asked me, did I send it to a different email address? I said, I don't have that one.

So we didn't get her on actually on board until she was starting. And so I spent two hours just getting her logged into everything and going over all of that. So cause she didn't have the time to look at anything. 

So it was, that was kind of a cluster, but, but we, we finally told her that we can't, we're going to have to hang up, but we gotta, you gotta go and just start working. And then we'll, we'll, she's got plenty of people to follow up with. And, and I gave her instructions to call all of the bookings, all the people to find out how the bookings went today. 

All that stuff. So I, yeah, it's just, it's gone, it's gone. And, and there's going to be a learning curve for both of us, but we'll be good. 

Good. Yeah. It's good to hear. 

Yeah. Putting those things, I know I put it there, but like the daily SOP, like for you guys, like I, we don't even call every booking that happened in a day. And now I'm thinking about it. 

I'm like, like that might not be a bad idea to do. Could have the support VA call. I'm like, how do, how do we do it? But point being like, she's just, she's not familiar with calling just every book that happened. 

She's only familiar with once a clean is done, then call, ask about the review, ask how the service was. So yeah, creating that daily SOP of like, there's 10 things at the end of the day, they all need to be checked off. And like, you can see our version of that in the classroom and the, uh, and premium resources. 

No, I think it's in logistics right here that shows what a SOP is. I'll give you guys access to that. That's like 80% done. 

There's like five or six more videos, but, uh, I just had someone else go through and give feedback on it. So let me just go ahead and give you guys access to that. Yeah. 

I can't get into the logistics and I can't get into the one that says every SOP we use. Okay. Yeah. 

That one's the locked one that I messaged you about that I do for the, like, once you guys are like, okay, we're good. We want to keep grace. We're good for 12 month commitment. 

Then it's like, all right, here's the SOPs for those. I just want to make sure you guys are happy with the VA. Um, first, so let me get, change this modules access. 

Um, in logistics, I would honestly go through the FVA stuff in the logistics course, the system stuff you're already going to be really familiar with, right? Um, but the logistics stuff for VA is going to be really helpful. Premium. All right. 

Logistics is now accessible. Coordinated would be a good one for you as well. As you're looking for future, I mean, you're in the middle of implementing systems and getting used to that.

So I would definitely be going through logistics. Okay. So Rick, big thing, focusing on VA, focusing on systems, creating the role, daily SOPs, all that. 

The daily SOP is what's in here. What is an SOP? Okay. So on the, what is an SOP? I'm going to share my screen real quick. 

Inside of logistics here, there's a bunch of videos. Um, what is an SOP? End of day checklist. SOP, this is our actual end of day checklist SOP. 

So like our cleaner has to check these off before clocking out for the day. So I would just like, you can take this and, uh, just change what you would have yours. Like yours here would probably be, um, instead of called first time cleans that finished before 430 today and after 430 yesterday with, with this script that we use, just do call all cleans, you know, and based on if they're existing clean, check in and just ask how they're doing and build a relationship. 

Use this script for a first time customer clean, use this script so we can try to get the recurring, we can get the review, that sort of thing. So that's where like, take what we have, make your own, uh, throw away the trash that you don't like from what we have. So there's another example of an SOP where it's like, this is not a checklist. 

This is a steps one through five based on the situation. So got a lot of those. Um, okay, cool. 

Any questions there for go to Courtney for a headwinds highlights? Oh, you're on mute. Yep. Did you ask us a question? I'm sorry.

Yeah. Any, anything I'm gonna go to Courtney for headwinds and highlights, anything there on SOPs, VA, any of that before I just trim? No, no, no, we can move on. I was just, Grace, Grace just popped in and I was reading that when you asked that question.

Yeah, no, my phone keeps going off and I'm trying to just let her handle it and it's very hard. Yeah, definitely be observing. Right. 

Um, cool. All right, Courtney, headwinds highlights. All right. 

So we have a couple of things. Um, okay. Well, a lot of good things. 

So, um, I finished, we started getting interviews, but for some reason the automation for me, it's like, um, when they fill out the form, it doesn't go like, it doesn't put them in the pipeline for me. Like I have to physically like go into their contact and put them in opportunities and then do that. And then another one would be, um, all of a lot of our emails are actually going, I don't know which one I'm going. 

I'm just talking. So another one would be like, um, our automation emails are going into their junk and spam. It's not going into their inbox.

Um, so instead what I did for this week, um, was just email the links, um, not email the links, put it in their Indeed messengers and I created templates. So I don't have to keep doing it. I just created a template. 

So it's easy. Um, but we are getting a scheduling for interviews and they are filling out the form, which is nice. So, cause a lot of them don't even cover our area, which is funny. 

So they saved me time from that one question. Um, another thing. So we cover like this mega church, like it is huge and, um, they love us and they're trying to get extra cleans cause they rent out their space to like Chick-fil-A or conferences or grief groups and stuff like that. 

My issue right now is that they're asking for a carpet cleaner. We don't have that. And we told them that at the beginning, but they're stating that they want to keep us, but they're going to give us time to figure out if we can add a carpet cleaning or they're going to find like a one-stop shop. 

So that I have to figure out, but they want to grow with us because they didn't start off as a big congregation. They started off as a small one and now we grew with them and now they're just as big. So I have to figure that out. 

But I think there's somebody I can actually talk to about carpet cleaning. My thing is their insurance is so high, so I don't even want to take that on, but we have other commercial clients. I see it as a possible upsell maybe. 

So I got to figure that out. Um, and yeah, just the automation technical issues. That's it. 

And you made me look at my numbers right now cause I haven't even been focusing on my numbers. Yeah. We're going to have a, if all goes well, cause I'm going to, well, we're hiring and we're going to do more sales this month and it's only April 8th. 

Uh, right now we're at 17.2. Okay. And last month was last month was 15.5, which by the way, last month was our best month ever. And we're going to jump to 17 this month without me even realizing it. 

That's pretty cool. Um, so thank you guys for me to look at my numbers right now. Cause I didn't even think of looking at them.

That's awesome. Uh, but the goal is 20. I've always wanted 20. 

There's something. Oh yeah. You're hitting 20 pretty soon. 

If not this month then it's not next month. Then, then there's, there's no, I'll yeah. It's going to happen. 

Um, okay. I just, I think because he made a new form and called it the Indy to applicant application form, and your automations that it wasn't connected to another automation. So I just fixed it. 

So it should be the minute someone fills it out, they get put into the pipeline. So you should be, should be posh there. Um, yep. 

Um, okay. So the emails will go to their inbox now and not, yeah, the spam one, that one is, I need to look at that. Um, that might be because your actual email isn't connected. 

It's like a, uh, high level, uh, like a harvest native email and you can connect your actual like support at made to work email. So I need to look at that. Um, but for the meantime, text them, Hey, it might've ended up in your spam. 

Um, but yeah, every email should be happening. Um, okay. Headwind the automation. 

Okay. So let's talk about the carpet cleaning. Um, how do you think you should, what do you feel like is the best way to move forward with that? So there's another guy that's in our area. 

Um, that I can call cause he does carpet cleaning, cleaning. He does everything like floor strip and waxing. My thing is, okay, I can subcontract him, right? Cause he has the all that good stuff. 

I don't know how much he'll charge these people. And I know that's not my business, but it's my business. So, so what I would do is I would, um, how often do you guys clean the church every week and sometimes twice a week? Cool. 

Yeah. I would just bring them in with you and give them a call and go, Hey, this church needs carpet cleaning. We're looking to subcontract out to someone. 

Um, this would be on a pretty often basis. Um, like understand that I'm looking for a subcontractor. I can still make a little bit of money on. 

Um, I'm definitely not going to lose money by bringing someone on. So if, um, you say this is like, you're willing to do this for 200, then I'm going to charge them, let's say two 50, 300, but your price has to be reasonable enough for it to be reasonable to me to present something with a bit of margin to them. So I would probably just bring him into a, uh, a cleaning and go, Hey, let's walk through together. 

What are your thoughts? How do you go? Cause you are mostly going to be the point of contact. Like basically when it comes to talking to the church, you go to the church and go, Hey, like we are able to do it. First time we're going to do it. 

This is this week. It's going to be this much money and they will never have your con your subcontractors number. It's all you, like you are the business and you're subcontracting out. 

Right. So you kind of need to know a little bit enough to be able to answer their questions of like, Oh yeah, it's this kind of carpet. We're using this kind of thing. 

Or you can call someone and go, let me call my technician that's going to be completing it and he can answer specific questions. Right. But it's very clear. 

Like you have to make it very clear with the subcontractor, Hey, this is not your client. I am your client. Right. 

And I'm, so that's, that's kind of the way you go about it. Um, so I would just take them out, Hey, quote this, let them know, like, you know, I'm paying for this and I'm charging the client for this. And so I need some margin here. 

I'm going to look for someone that can, I would go and get two, three quotes. Go ahead, go, go, go. You know, kind of like how someone hires us, you know, as a house, can I go get two or three quotes and see what they say and see who you want to work with and who you could have been a margin with. 

So that's, that's what I would do there. Um, and yeah, like I said, like you are the point of contact for the church. Like don't give that guy dude's contact to the church and go, here you go. 

There's the carpet cleaning. The church wants one person to talk to you, which is you. They like you. 

They want to stay with you. They don't want to get in touch with someone else. They want you to know that Courtney is taking care of them. 

So that's how I would do that there. All right. Well, I was thinking about another way too, because I could just rent the machine that's $40 and I used it myself. 

I'm not going to be doing it. But, um, uh, one of the girls that already works for me, she's like, her boyfriend used to do carpet cleaning. And she was like, at least he could tell you what type of machine or, cause they only want one time a month. 

Thank God. It's not like they want it every week. It's only once a month I can pay him whatever. 

And we can do it that way too. How much is the machine to just buy it? $40. Not to buy it, to rent it. 

Yeah. How much is it to buy it? I don't know. Three, three something probably. 

It might just be like, it might just be worth it to get it, you know, and just have, but your, would your girl do it or would she like have her boyfriend or her partner do it? Her partner can do it. He's perfectly fine to do it. Um, but she, she's crazy. 

She'd probably do it herself. She would probably want to learn it and just do it herself and have him go away. She just wants someone to teach her.

That's pretty, that's pretty ideal, honestly. And you could pay him for training and say, Hey, we're going to pay you one time, come in, train your girl. And he makes some money by coming in. 

They have, you know, get to work together for a job, which I don't know if they do often. But, um, and then you have, you paid 300 upfront or 400 upfront, but you own it. And now what I would do is I then go and send a text, not right now, but for your next text campaign, your next thing, email campaign, send a message out to everyone. 

Um, and say, Hey, we're doing like we have a carpet cleaning system. It's professional quality, high grade, yada, yada. And you'll probably have some people that bite and like, you're going to take off the cost of the, of the thing, um, and make money through it. 

And like I said, I'll offer it as an upsell to commercial, other commercial people. Hey, most people get this lease, you know, once a quarter. Um, and the church loves it. 

We do it for them. Do you want to try it this time and see the difference? Cause I can tell the carpet, you know, yada, yada. So, um, ideally I thought it was going to like a highly specialized, like technical skill, but like being like, learn it in like an hour, like three hours, just like, just learn it and just have your team do it.

And if it's not a high startup costs, like own that, you know, you're gonna have much higher margins. Um, and you're going to make more money by offering it to other people. So that's, that's probably, we will take carpet cleaning. 

I've talked to a guy that he's, his business started as a carpet cleaning business. Cause I was like 30 K a month through that, like 20 K a month through the house cleaning. And, um, he's like, Oh, I was like, well, why don't you just pick one? He's like, Oh no, they're both great. 

So like we're, we're scaling both and we scale separately and as go separately and the technicians go separately and all that. So like, it's a great business, even on, on its own. I know people that just do that. 

So, um, yeah, I wouldn't be able, I wouldn't even know where to keep the machine. It's pretty big. Yeah. 

Yeah. Well, I only know because I used it for my own house before we moved in. So, but I will figure that out.

Subcontractor, right. So you would, you wouldn't have to figure out where to keep it. She would have to figure out where to keep it. 

Cause she's your person for that, you know, we pay her more. And if she's happy to do more, you know, it might be, I'm saying it could be worth her time, you know, but, um, better than paying us other subcontractors. You're paying one of your own subcontractors instead of, you know, small, but interesting. 

Okay. Well, let me know how that goes. Um, I'm curious because I mean, that's really cool. 

And it could span off into something else, like you said, with the commercial and other clients. So well, I was thinking about my other commercial clients cause their carpets are looking rough too. So I was just like, well, if I do it for this one, I might as well just be like, Hey, we'll just do your carpets, pay us X, Y, Z. And they'll just be like, all right.

Yeah. I know they'll agree to it too. If I offer it to them. 

That's the funny part. Yeah. What about, uh, I mean like move-ins and those, I feel like maybe move-outs not as much, but like move-ins like people, like I want the carpet stuff, like I want to move in, move out. 

So we've always had questions about that too. I just never, like I said, I just never, yeah. Okay. 

It's something new. It's so I'm, I'm weirded out. That's all. 

Yeah. I don't know the logistics. I'm not sure, but that's just me.

Good. Well, that's exciting. That's a cool opportunity. 

Um, good. Okay. So some headwinds there. 

Um, highlights were, we have interviews. We, uh, we just fixed the automation there. 17.2K for April as of right now. 

Um, new opportunity for carpet cleaning the churches. I mean, you're about to guys, you guys are about to make more money on that, on that job. They're wanting to do that. 

So that's great. That's a weekly one and sometimes two times a week. That's awesome. 

Very nice. Um, okay. Anything else big from past week or anything that you're like, I, I also need to figure this thing out. 

Uh, just labor. Cause now I'm excited for the marketing and then yeah, that, that's pretty much it. Uh, labor question and I'm Hispanic and I should probably know this question. 

Um, have you guys ever had a translator on an interview, which I don't mind. Um, I, I did. I had a translator one time. 

I actually had my mom translate one time. Okay. The mom, Hey, could you, cause my mom's Brazilian. 

I speak a bit of Portuguese, but she also sees Spanish. Funny, fun fact. My grandma, my grandma was a court translator. 

So she was legally recognized with like, like 11 different languages. But like, let's say like I just flew to like, I don't know, let's just say Romania and I'm, I get in trouble in Romania for whatever reason. I'm before the Romanian justice system. 

Someone like my grandma would then translate is certified would translate between English to Romanian. She did have like 11 languages. She's a Jew. 

Um, but anyway, cool. My, my grandma was a freaking G. Um, he's got funny stories, um, which I'm thinking of right now and that are now distracting me. Okay. 

Translator. Good problem is what happens when there's not a translator there. That was kind of my issue was like, then I got to Google translate everything. 

Your client says, Hey, this isn't done. She needs to do this. And I'm catching her as she's walking out of the house because she didn't have good communication with the client.

And then I'm like, Hey, I need you to do this. And she goes, no, I'll blow in place. I'm kind of in a sticky situation that takes about 10 times longer than I wanted to take. 

So solution for that, because there are, there is a stereotype because it's true. There are many Mexican cleaners that don't speak English. There's, you are able to get a VA that is from South America for a little bit more than a Philippines VA. 

And then you can just have Spanish speaking cleaners only because the VA can just translate on the phone with the client. So there's two situations that I know here, one being go and learn Spanish, that's kind of a bit tough. But you have labor that's cheaper and you're able to just have cheaper labor. 

This guy, Salim in Canada, he runs at about 90K a month, just got his first VA because he's really streamlined a bunch of things. He literally learned Spanish over the past year and a half to be able to run this business and have cheaper labor. So he learned Spanish from scratch. 

So it's kind of crazy, but I'm not saying I recommend it, but that's how great having cheaper labor is. Second one, we subcontract out to a company in our area and all of his cleaners are Spanish speaking cleaners, but he speaks Spanish and English. So we call him and go, Hey, this is the problem with the client. 

And then he calls the cleaner and says, Hey, Spanish, right? So he's able to just, the speaker calls, like the client's talking to the cleaner. He makes it clear over text. We make it clear over text, Hey, if there's any language things, feel free to call. 

And then the cleaner will ask the cleaner to call. The cleaner will, the client mentions the cleaner, Hey, this and that. The cleaner goes, No, I'm doing this. 

Okay. Pull up the phone, call immediately. Hey, speak in Spanish, Oscar can you translate? And Oscar goes, Hey, this is Oscar with the faithful cleaners, subcontract for us. 

So he knows to say like, Hey, it's us. And he goes, how can I help you? I'm going to help translate. So that way she's able to understand. 

Thank you for being patient. And the client goes, I just saw that this happened. And like the windows, I think I got interior window. 

Does that not come with the deep clean? And then he sorts out from the office perspective. And then he translates to the cleaner what needs to be done. So Spanish speaking VA is great. 

But like, if you only have one cleaner, that's like needs to speak Spanish, it's like, am I going to do it? I wouldn't do that. But if you're like, kind of like Oscar's model, where every cleaner is Spanish speaking his labor, like we, we repair cleaners, like 40 to 60% of a job. And they make, like, I want to, like, if I pulled up a stubs right now, it's like 40 to $50 an hour, like the cleaners are doing great. 

Like our best cleaners, our worst cleaners are still doing about 28 to $30 an hour, which is phenomenal. But we could pay Spanish speaking cleaners, like $22 an hour at most. And they'd be happy. 

They're working other places for, he told me he's paying some of his cleaners $12 an hour to $15 an hour to clean. And I'm like, dude, they're like, dude, you don't understand. Like, it's all they got. 

They can't get a job elsewhere. It's really difficult. Cause they only speak Spanish. 

Like they're grateful for it. And I'm like, okay, dude, all power to you. I'm looking at it in my business. 

And I'm like, that's my biggest expense of my labor. Like for last month, I think we was 50% went to labor. If my labor went from being 50% to being like 25% or even 35%. 

Oh my gosh. Like even a 20% difference, we would have made almost double the profit. We just double. 

If we just cut 20% off of our labor, like we went from 50% labor to only 30%. Oh my gosh, that's huge. So just something, if you guys are like margin margins are tight because we've thought through this. 

So like, do we go and do that? Cause when margins are tight, you're like, what do we need to do? What do we need to change marketing? This, this, that, that's something we've considered of like, we could be cutting our labor almost in half if we were to do that and just get a Spanish speaking VA. No, it's a possibility. I'm just throwing that out there as something people don't really think about that. 

So, you know, you don't have to take the pressure on of needing to speak the language, but you can drop your labor costs and yeah. Anyways. So yeah, I'll be all right. 

My Spanish is pretty decent. I just, I don't like my accent very much, but that's the only reason. But yeah, I just want to see what everybody else does for that. 

Yeah. Rick, what do you think you guys would take someone on that's Spanish speaking that you have to have a translator for? No, I, we don't have any need right now for that. Everybody here, we have a pretty big Hispanic community pretty close to us, but, but they're very fluent in English. 

So there's never really an issue. Cool. I'll keep you guys updated on that. 

Cause like, we're like, I mean, we need more cleaners. We're like, we could have another like full-time VA almost. Maybe we look for a Spanish speaker and try it, just try it out, you know, but possibility there. 

Okay. So we 437 here. This is always the fun part of the call for me. 

What do you guys feel like would be the most valuable thing to get into? The only thing I really have to share from a just blanket statement is the logistics course. Like definitely go through that. It's, I think it's going to be really helpful. 

So I would probably try to knock it out before just next call next week, but I don't have like a big blanket thing. That's like top of mind or that I think everyone would, would benefit from. So what do you guys feel like would be the biggest thing to go into? And like, I know we have the full hour, but if we're like, we ever ended up sitting around and feeling like we're not getting something productive done, but what do you guys feel like would be productive here? We all look beautiful, but you got to say something. 

Yeah. I was going to say for me, I just, I'm playing catch up right now. So I think once I get the automation for hiring down, then I'll ask more marketing questions and then start.

How many cleaners should I have? Technically speaking. Should is how many do you have now? No, like a show three and a half. And that's only because one is part-time. 

That's why. And you're, and you're doing 17 a month with three and a half cleaners. Yeah. 

You have to 10, think how much you'd make. How much are you charging? 750 a clean? Imagine. No, but anyway, schedules, right? Yeah.

Yeah. That's pretty good. I mean, are they working weekends? No, we're only Monday through Friday. 

And that's only because I needed weekends off. We started out that way and no, I like my weekends. Yeah. 

I mean, we literally have 11 cleaners right now that are able to clean tomorrow. Wow. And we're, and, and they're all booked, but they also work for other cleaning companies.

Yeah. They're not full time. Like some of them might work two days, three days.

Yeah. They like, they'll have like two or three days available this week that we can book them, you know, stuff like that. They're not, we only have like maybe, maybe three full-time cleaners.

Okay. But how many cleaners do you have that you can actually give out work with onboarding? We have about 10 right now. Three of them haven't started yet. 

One of them I hired and she declined. So we have about 10 right now that work. All right. 

That's my new goal. So thank you. For us, we, we've got, just kind of looking through, there's three names here. 

I don't even recognize for cleaners. So we're doing awesome. The team is doing great. 

Okay. So we've got three, we've got four that have been with us for at least six months and they're like, they're just constantly booked. Then we've got three more that we just onboarded. 

One of them just isn't responding. The other one is doing great so far, used to have a cleaning company. It was just like, I hate all the extra crap I have to do with it. 

I just want to show up somewhere clean, do a great job, get paid well. So she's been doing phenomenal. She actually moved four hours. 

She wanted to be in this city and she moved four hours to be here because we're like, we've got enough jobs for you and you can move here. We'll take care of you. So she's, yeah.

So four, I don't want to say full-time. I wouldn't recommend you guys say full-time on website, those kinds of things. We actually just didn't revamp, but we had chat to go through our website and say, Hey, we need to make sure we're not treating our contractors like employees because Texas Workforce Commission doesn't like that and IRS doesn't like that. 

So anyways, we've got four that are almost taking jobs basically every day, usually two jobs a day, three jobs a day. And then two more just onboarded. And then we have our backups of like, our people can't do it.

Can you do this? So that's Oscar, the subcontractor in the area that he's got multiple teams. So he might do two or three cleanings for us in a week. You can have two cleanings going on at the same time. 

Another lady that we can call and say, Hey, are you able to pick this clean up? And then another backup as well. But we really have been running at, I think last month, basically five cleaners or four main ones. And then the other company with multiple crews, I think they probably took on like seven or eight of the cleans last month. 

When I ran the numbers and what I've saw from someone else too, and it was pretty similar, was a cleaner can do, I can just kind of show you guys, a cleaner's capacity as far as what you're limited by revenue in the business is, let's look at Book and Koala. On average, a cleaner can take two cleans in a day. I think that's pretty standard morning clean, afternoon clean.

If every clean is, let me just look at March. If every clean on average is 244, so a cleaner can do two houses in a day. So 244 times two. 

So a cleaner can bring in 488 revenue in a day. And let's say they work Monday through Friday, four days out of the week. So we just take 488 times it by 20 in a month. 

A cleaner can bring in 97.60 working Monday through Friday. You can run a business doing 20K a month with two cleaners and one of them working two weekends out of the month. The real thing that you want to have is just, like you guys said, just a backup availability. 

Make sure you can schedule someone because they work for other people too, because they're bouncing around, they have their own clients and that sort of thing. But yeah, you just have really maxed out really well your girls. With three people, you're doing higher revenue than they have at 11 cleaners, however many were available at the moment.

But there's good in having the backups. There's also good in really packing out a cleaner schedule and having them just be comfortable with the clients they have. So awesome. 

Okay. Does that make sense? Kind of that number there and how we're able to do as much as we did last month with only four cleaners and a backup subcontractor. Yeah. 

I'd like to get our cleaners to be able to do that much in a month. We have some of them that are just like two of them, but the rest of them... You know, we picked up two cleaners on a Facebook message and a group saying, hey, we have an Airbnb and we need cleaners. And they both responded and they do other Airbnbs.

So we ended up picking them up and we give them a bunch of other work, but we never gave them an Airbnb. Like I said, they both work maybe at the most three days a week for us. Some weeks are just two days a week. 

So it's hard to get people that can commit that much time to us. Yeah. I know there's going to be marketing questions coming soon as you guys sort out labor bottlenecks. 

Is there anything top of mind for marketing that you guys kind of want me cooking on and to put something together for? Because I've got the course material, but if there's specific questions, I can make sure that they're addressed and ready for when you guys need them. I haven't really done anything with social media for a while. I had, you know, when we first started, I got on like Blaze and had Blaze posting three times a week for me on Facebook and Instagram and all that, but I didn't really see the value in it. 

But now I wonder if maybe there is value and should I be doing it? Yeah. The approach I take to social media is very similar to Alex Ramosi's approach, which is for most businesses, social media is not going to be how you get clients. It's going to increase the conversion rate of the clients that find you.

So what I mean by that is let's take cleaning company A, they have a website and it's a little slow and it looks kind of old and that's all they have and you can reach out to them. And then you have cleaning company B and clean company B has a sleek website. It looks newer. 

It looks good. They have a satisfaction guarantee. You can call them, you can message them and they have past work. 

They have past testimonials. They have a five-star review on Google, which they show you pictures of. They show you screenshots of reviews and they show you past before and afters that they've done. 

And then they, you're snoopy because the kind of person who's looking that deep is a bit snoopy and they're going, well, let me look around. And you see them, an Instagram post connected. And then you click the Instagram profile, you go to the Instagram profile and it just shows like, here's our team. 

Here's how we got started. Here's our about us. And you differentiate yourself, right? Like that client, that lead didn't come in because of social media, but the lead gets is a higher conversion rate, is more sold because of you just having a social media that has some basics like about us, how we got started, what we stand for, why we're different. 

And it can just be a post once a week that goes on for the next six months. I don't even know the last time I looked at our social media, but for ours, of course we can do a better job. But for the intention of what we're trying to do is just to check off the box of we have social media, we're legit, we're real. 

We posted this past week. We still exist. We still clean and we do a good job. 

And here's a little bit about us, but I can probably pull up what it looks like. My VA is either going to get a message after me pulling this up saying you guys are doing great, or she's going to get a message saying we need to kick it up a notch. So let's see here. 

I'll turn my screen on. Okay. There we go.

All righty. It's connected to our page, our website, the link in the website here with trusted Christian cleaning service serving Collin County with love and excellence. One's our most recent post. 

Five hours ago. The difference is night and day when the pros handle it. Nothing crazy. 

Here's what we do. Why choose us? Here's the difference between us. Our number's there.

We've had the account for a while, so we've got posts that have been going since a little while. This is awesome. I love this. 

Seriously, I haven't looked at this in so long. Past 21 weeks that we post, what is that? Like once, four times a week, five times a week. Holy smokes. 

That's a lot of posts, right? Five times. Yeah. That's crazy. 

More than I thought, but yeah. So I have no idea, guys. This is literally the first time I've seen this. 

And I can see that we kind of swapped here from like this, these templates of posts to like these instead. But like we've, well, I don't think we'll ever get a client from this. This ain't going to be seen by anyone except for the people that are Snoopy and want to make sure that what I would do to improve this here, which I will actually give to my VA's work to do. 

I bet my buddy does this. Helped him with his Google business profile stuff. Okay. 

So he has his projects here. I actually went and helped on this home. This home was ridiculous. 

This was like a, this home was absurd. But this residential, and then the guy asked me, he's like, Hey, look, would you be open to like do the post construction clean? And I was like, absolutely not. Nope. 

I don't have enough people that I even know that could come in here and clean this whole thing. And I'm not going to spend two weeks with five cleans, but there was a shoddy construction job. And I was like, I don't want to get blamed for a lack of cleaning when it's a lack of it being constructed correctly.

But your work here, like residential commercial, this is a great, what I would add to this is like, here's your projects, different types of projects. I love this year, 250 five-star reviews and putting here about us, like our story or about us of like, we got started because this, and then like something like guarantee, I'm just doing a satisfactory guarantee. We put our customers first, yada, yada, and how to book or something. 

And it's like, call us here or go to our website. That's what I would do to improve this year. So as far as social media goes, I wouldn't be doing more than this. 

He literally will just put before, after, before, after, before, after, and there's nothing special. Nobody's finding his posts. You know what I mean? So that's why I don't do like, you can do stuff like this, but I don't really do stuff like this, where it's like, here's a special, like let's post on social media to see if anyone bites.

Like just nobody's even looking at 22 followers. And he has a bit more and he actually does some reels, I think. So he might have people that find him, you know, that's like, that's when it's taking a step above that's going to next level, getting people to find you through social media and doing all, I don't care to do that. 

I want to be hands off. Do I recommend it? Yeah, sure. I don't want to do it because I want to be hands off and be able to work on other stuff. 

So, and it's just not worth paying someone to do really. So yeah, social media, that's what I'm looking at. That's, that's my thoughts on it. 

Yeah, that's my thoughts too. But I didn't know how much that helped as far as our, you know, search presence and stuff like that. So yeah, maybe it does help a little bit. 

Yep. Yep. Yeah. 

Just connecting it to your Google business profile and such. It does benefit you. Yeah. 

Okay. All right. Do you think you can show me sometime, like how to add my support at, you know, my email so I could stop going into Jonkins man? Yeah, I'll send, let me message Elijah. 

And when you text them, because he has like the like, how to do it and is able to just knock it out real fast. That's crazy. You've only been in business for a little bit and you're already at 15 K Rick and Melissa. 

Like you've only been what, like seven months, six. Yeah. It's been eight months, I think on sales. 

That's awesome. Yeah. We started the end of June.

We started the LLC, but we didn't really get to start selling until like August. But I think we had maybe two bookings in the month of August. Yeah. 

People go on vacation. Yeah. So yeah, we're young, but we're growing fast. 

You are. Thank you. You guys are doing awesome. 

I love it. Love it. Love it. 

All right. Anything else big here or do we want to, I want to call it someday. I'm going to see you guys sitting in that background, but it's going to be actually real. 

I look forward to that. We'll actually be in Florida in a couple of weeks and, but we'll be working every day from there. At least the mornings, because now we have grace doing the afternoons. 

So that'll be nice. Yeah. That's good. 

I'd set up a daily review just right now with her and just go like, when you clock out, when you're end of day, let's just talk for at least 15 minutes, 30 minutes and just go, how did the day go? What did you do? What are your processes? What questions do you have? You just got to be connected. You got to think of another virtual world makes it easy to you know, not be with people, but like in a business grows much faster, the more contact there is between the important people. This is why I mean, Elijah, like are in the office next to each other, rubbing shoulders every day, you know, so try to try to create that, that rubbing shoulders constantly, especially in the meeting with the VA. 

So, but other than that, I love it guys. Awesome. Rick sent you guys a message, I think through school for VA Courtney, I just messaged Elijah for the email thing. 

So he'll reach out to you. If he does not reach out to you, we're both about to go on wedding. If he does not reach out to you with the like thing to follow, like watch this video, follow this by end of tomorrow, like four or 5 PM, just hit me again or message him through school as well. 

And if you are able to do your own thing, we'll just want to call and make sure he gets fixed. So no worries. We'll sort that out, but all righty guys. 

Well, you guys have a wonderful rest of your Wednesday. Oh, last thing, actually, I have a friend who, he is a executive business coach, I think is the actual term. So he was, he's not just like a Instagram guy that like, like, Hey, yeah, like it is not that. 

So he was actually employed by a executive coaching agency. Let me just read the text from him. He's a friend, he's impacted my life in a very drastic way. 

Business and personally, he's really awesome. People pay upwards of $300 an hour to sit with them and to get, have a conversation and it massively impacts them. And it's, it's awesome. 

So he said he wants to get into, he branched off on his own away from the agency he was under to of coaching. Like they would take them to places like, I'll just read this. I was trained by and work with some of the top 5% of coaches in the world at the global coaching firm, Novus Global. 

I've led workshops for teams in Amazon, Netflix, the Rockefeller group and other fortune 100 companies. I've coached hundreds of small business owners, solo operators and entrepreneurs to increase revenue, structure leadership and expand their operations. My favorite results over all of those is helping them transform their lives through soul work coaching. 

Example, this is a client who was raised in a prominent cattle ranching family in Texas. He was in college to become a vet, a veterinarian and eventually take over his family's ranching business. He ended up getting Lyme disease that wreaked havoc on him, causing him to barely finish college, the bad, with a business degree and his physical health was in really bad shape. 

He couldn't maintain a normal work schedule because of his health issues. He wasn't able to do work at the ranch, which caused his inheriting the family business to be in question. He developed a belief system that he would never be able to have success in business or for his family because of his health. 

He spent the rest of the money he had on a couple of real estate investments to have some kind of income and was making enough to pay his bills, but not much else. When I started coaching him in January of 2020, he had six properties and had just got married, which increased his limiting beliefs about having a family and a self-worth because of his health. By the end of 2020, he had increased his properties by eight X and his revenue by nine X. He transformed his belief system from feeling hopeless to becoming resourceful and empowered, leading him to discover treatment plans that helped him gain some health back and ultimately his freedom. 

He now is a three-year-old kid. He's increased his properties by 12 X and his revenue by 15 X yet again. He retired his wife from working and is creating a plan with his family to run both his business in real estate and the ranching business as well. 

That was just a text from him. I was just like, hey, what can I tell people? Because I don't know how to tell people anything other than you're awesome. You used to be at a coaching firm that was great and you've changed my life, what's your actual resume? We want to do a workshop, totally free. 

He's just a friend. He wants to get back into doing group workshops. Sometime this upcoming week or the next week, I'm going to have him come in and do a workshop. 

Basically, I'm going to be in the hot seat. He's going to do a training as if he's doing it on me and everyone's going to participate by feeling as if you are in the hot seat but walk away with my answers. He said you're going to get hyper clear on your vision. 

You're going to create a powerful plan to accomplish those goals and you're going to radically expand what you think you're capable of. Those are the main three things that people are going to get out of it. I'm super excited.

He's an awesome guy. I love him to death. One of the best guys I know. 

Either it will be a replacement of a Wednesday coaching call or it will be an additional third call. I'll reach out to you guys for that and see what works for you guys. I want to make sure that you guys can make it. 

Like I said, it's not going to cost a thing. He's awesome. He's not going to pitch anything either. 

He's not going to say, hey, do you want to join? Although I probably will encourage him, honestly, and be like, hey, just mention if someone wants to work with you one-on-one, they can. He's a great guy. Anyways, there's that coming up, which I'm super excited for.

It will probably be everyone in the school group can join just because the only person we'll be talking will probably be me and him and maybe a Q&A or something at the end. So super excited for that, guys. I'm going to try to bring people in like that that are going to just up my game, up you guys' game. 

That sounds exciting. Another Tony Robbins, sounds like. I love Tony Robbins. 

Why'd you say that? I'll be inspired. All righty, guys. You guys have a great rest of your Wednesday, all right? All right, you too. 

Bye-bye.