Alright, so we're just gonna hang out here for, I'm gonna give it till 4.06 and then we're gonna get rolling. I'm super excited for this. I'm super, super stoked for this.   
  
I'm gonna go ahead and start talking to the people that come in. They're gonna just catch the end of it. So, guys, this is Troy.   
  
Troy and I have been friends for a while. It's one of those friends you get to just kind of like, you know, your life gets busy, and a month can go by, three months can go by, a freaking year can go by, but you reach back out to him, you have a conversation, it's like, it's like we were just talking yesterday. Like, he's one of those guys.   
  
So, Troy honestly is one of the most, I think the best measure of someone's success in life is just how loving they are and how well they serve others, to be honest with you. Everyone doesn't care how much money you make, and this dude loves people. He really does, and he serves people really well and puts others above himself, and he's just got that big freaking heart, man.   
  
So, Troy, love you, dude. Some bromance going on. But Troy has also been very successful and helped others be very successful in the, I suppose, worldly materialistic way for business and career and finances.   
  
Not just for measurable things like money, but also for immeasurable things like just feeling more fulfilled in life and feeling more enthusiastic to go out and get things done and to live. So, me bringing Troy on here is not a pitch. It's not an offer.   
  
It's not a gotcha. Troy has genuinely changed my life in some really awesome ways from the conversations we've had of him coaching me, and I just thought it would be really beneficial to both of us, to all of you, for Troy to just come on and do a group coaching sesh. Yeah, his focus is soul work, and he'll talk a little bit about that, but just coming out of it, not just with a better view of business, but with a better view of life and just the kind of work that happens deep inside.   
  
It's kind of hard to put words to, so I'm not able to explain it well, but with that, Troy, I love you, bro. I'm going to turn it over to you and just kind of lay down some house rules, and we'll jump into it. So good to see you guys here.  
  
Cool. Thank you, Alex. I appreciate that, man.   
  
Kind words. I hope I live up to that. At the end of this, I'll be the judge.   
  
Let me know. Yeah, no, Alex is phenomenal. We met randomly at a coffee shop.   
  
He and some friends were just talking business stuff, and it was like, I'm going to be rude and jump in and just ask questions and start going. It's one of those, like, there's a few things in life that I care about. My wife and my kids are, like, the top of the list there, and then if I can be of service, I want to be of service.   
  
I try to be careful of, like, I want to be able to add value instead of just jumping in and be, like, a random nuisance. But, yeah, some of that background there. I come from a recovery background.   
  
I was an addict back in my teens and early 20s, and part of that coming through 12-step programs is to be of service. And so that's the thing that kind of one of my really guiding principles is how can I serve people as a ministry for, gosh, 15 years? Different capacities, and that obviously influenced that as well, of, like, how I want to love people and why I want to love people. I call my coaching Greatness Coaching, just to kind of set the, what we're up to here.   
  
That's rooted in, oh, gosh, what is it? John, see the 13, 14 or 15. It's the upper room. I should have this more locked down, but he says, I go to the Father, greater things shall you do than these.   
  
And the greater is, the Greek word there is mega. It means more quantity, more quality, bigger, better, all kinds of stuff. But there's a weird definition there towards the end that's almost never used, and it's in the wildest sense.  
  
I like to pair that with the other phrase of no eye has seen, no ear has heard, nor has it entered the minds of man that wish the Lord shall do. It's wild. It's untamed.   
  
It is free, right? It's great. That's what I try to coach people towards is to be their greatest selves. I could be a stay-at-home mom or dad.   
  
I'm a stay-at-home dad as my full-time, full-time gig, and then I get to coach because it's fun, and I get to set my own schedule. That's phenomenal. Greatness could be millions of dollars.   
  
It could be hundreds of thousands. I have no idea. It's different for every single person.  
  
We don't put a definition to that. You get to do that on your own. We're going to be up to that a little bit today of discovering what is that truly, like what's my potential, what's the greatness inside of me, and how do I bring that out? To set some ground rules, I have a slide deck I'll bring up in a couple minutes that's going to help us stay focused.   
  
I am insanely ADD, so without something to keep me dialed in and focused, I'll probably get lost in my own workshop. Just outing myself there. One of the things that I would love, if at all possible, if you're comfortable with it, if everybody could come on camera, that way we could interact with each other.   
  
Usually, these are done in person, and then we get to see each other's faces in real time. Part of that is, as I'm going through this, Alex is going to be in the hot seat. Me and him are going to be having the conversation.  
  
Y'all are going to be listening, but you're going to be playing along on your own. Either write stuff down by hand or on your computer. Be taking notes.   
  
The more you play along, the more value you're going to get out of this. If you just watch it, you'll see a cool conversation and go, okay, what now? I want you walking away with action points. I want you walking away going, shut up, Troy.   
  
I need to go take care of this right away. The other thing is, feel free to jump in. I don't know if y'all use the chat.   
  
Feel free to jump in the chat and, hey, this is my answer, just to share along. I may read it, I may not, but it's just a way to stay involved. I was trained through a global coaching firm called Novus Global.   
  
They talk about participation. Max value is full participation. Where they take it and where I've taken it further into my own coaching as well is, how many of y'all ever been to a conference before? Quick raise of hands or just I'll act like everybody said, yeah.  
  
You walk out of one of the sessions, you're like, that sucked so bad. Then the person that you're with or the group that you're with was like, that was the most amazing thing I've ever heard. Like, ow, right? And I make up that if it sucked, it's because you sat there judging it.   
  
You probably were listening going, I already know this. So why should I listen? Probably not taking notes, probably playing on your phone or doodling and just kind of sitting back being the cool kid. The people that thought this was incredible, probably, even if it wasn't a notebook, if they just gave you like a piece of paper, they probably filled up every blank place there with notes.   
  
They probably were on the edge of their seat listening. Even if they've heard it before, they probably thought, what haven't I learned about this yet? Some listenings that we have. So I want to invite you into a place of curiosity.   
  
I want to invite you to some listenings here. If you hear something you've heard before, awesome. Hear it again.   
  
Let's be new to this every single time that we come to it. So if you walk away from this and you think this was the worst thing I've ever done, I'm not blaming you. That's partly on Alex and I to create value here.   
  
But create value for yourself. Do the work for yourself here and create value. And that value is brought through full participation.  
  
Full participation looks like different things for, that was my accent coming out big time there. Full participation looks, it looks different for everybody. Some people, if you take too many notes, you're not listening anymore.   
  
Some people, if you don't take any notes, you're not listening. Some people, if you are interactive and talking and whatever, like whether that's in the chat or I might say like, hey, come off mute and answer something, that might be participation. And for some of you, that might not be.   
  
So I just invite you to you set your standard for full participation and get your value out of this. Again, this is, we're doing this for free just because it's fun. This is my favorite workshop to work people through.   
  
It's usually housed in a larger training system, like a multi-day training for businesses or for groups. And I like to just piece this one out because I think it's one of the most powerful tools to use for a coaching space, especially in a group setting. Typically, it would come with a price of about $1,500.   
  
So I'm not saying that as a like, you should feel bad because we're doing this for free. There's some value being set here, I hope, by just sharing that. The value that would be there is there.   
  
So like, hey, awesome, let's play like you each individually just paid that. How would you participate if you just paid that, right? So that's where we're in the ball field that we're in here. Cool.   
  
The other house rules here. Let's stay on mute so that way we're not distracting each other. If your camera is on, thank you so much.  
  
Try to not move too drastically or be too distracting. If you do need to get up or do stuff or do something that's distracting, just shut your video down and then come back on in a little bit so that way everybody can pay as much attention as possible, myself included. Because like I said, I'm terribly, terribly ADD and I don't want to be chasing rabbits watching y'all doing stuff on your screens there.   
  
So yeah, with that, I say let's jump in. Sound good, Alex? Yeah, I love it. Awesome.   
  
We're going. I'm excited. I wrote down participation in all caps and I said take the moment by the horns and freaking ride it baby.   
  
Just like get into it. So I love it. I'm doing it.  
  
Cool. Let's see here. I've never shared on mute before.  
  
So I'm going to try this. All right, y'all should be seeing my screen. Is that correct? Yes.  
  
Okay, cool. Picture in picture. It's weird.   
  
I see like a My Little Pony picture here. What am I? No, I'm just kidding. Don't worry about that at all.  
  
Okay, hold on. Now I'm trying to bring up the slide deck presentation. Oh no, fat fingers.  
  
My wife's in IT and you would think with having a wife that's techie, I would know how to do tech and I am the least techie millennial out there. Okay, can y'all see the slide? Yep, all good. Okay, awesome.   
  
Let me try to make this thing a little bit bigger. You could honestly close that. Oh, you're trying to make it bigger.   
  
Okay, cool. Yeah, I do want to be able to see y'all's faces. That way I can stick with it.  
  
Come on. I don't need this screen. Oh, well.  
  
I'll just I'll come in and out of the slide deck. Yeah, what you could do is you could just start sharing your entire screen in Google Meet. You can share that application.   
  
Yeah, present something else. Okay. And so we wouldn't then see that.   
  
So window and then boom. Cool. So now we don't see that thing on the right.  
  
Alex, you're a genius. Okay, cool. If y'all didn't know that you got to learn something, there's value already.  
  
Oh, let's start playing. So unlock your full potential. I like to call this the level up.  
  
But it's I don't want to call it like the level. Wait for you. So let's just pretend like it's just up.   
  
It's level up. We're going to level up our mindset. We're going to level up what we think we're capable of.  
  
We're going to level up our participation. We're going to level up as much as we can in our lives. As we do this, Alex was talking about that.   
  
I really like to do the soul work in coaching. There's kind of two different modes. There's goal line, which is what it sounds like.   
  
I have a goal. I want to get to it. And anybody can do that, really.   
  
Like it doesn't take a lot of training to do that. But it's very valuable. And that's a huge part of coaching.   
  
I'd say it's probably 30-40% of my coaching is goal line. The other 60-70% is what's called soul line. Soul line is way of being.   
  
It's mindset. It's who am I? Because the coaching should be transformational. Your goals, if you can do this without a coach, don't hire a coach.  
  
You hire a coach because you want to do stuff you don't know if you can do. And so the soul work is I'm going to become the kind of person that I would need to be to get the kind of results that I want to get. I don't have this on the slide deck, but if you want to take a little note really quick, most people operate from a model which is do, have, be.   
  
Do, have, be. And the thinking behind this is if I do the right things, if I do enough of the right things, then I'll have the kinds of things that I want. And then if I do the right things and have the results that I want, I'll finally be what I want to be.  
  
This is all cleaning businesses, correct? Yeah. Okay, cool. If I have a full list of clients, if I'm full booked up, then I'll have the income that I want to have.   
  
And then I'll finally be free. I'll finally be happy. I'll finally be successful.   
  
I'll finally be whatever the things are there. And that works for most people, but we get trapped in the do and the have because, well, I'm financially free, but I could be even more financially free. I could have even more saved.   
  
I could hire assistants and teams and get even more clients. I could always be doing more and having more. And what that does, it's great.   
  
Results are awesome, but it keeps us from being who we really want to be. This is often why people talk about the golden handcuffs. Man, I created a career.   
  
This is awesome. But I don't get to be with my kids. My time is tied up.   
  
And I make too much money to walk away from this. What am I supposed to do? I'm unhappy. This is why celebrities get everything they want and then take their lives, because they thought it would finally make them happy.  
  
So in the SOAR work, what we start with is be and then do and then have. So I want to invite you into this model. Be, do, have.  
  
If I'm someone that wants to be financially free, which I make up, that's the majority, if not all of us here, then I'm going to start identifying myself as someone who's financially free. We're going to be delusional. There's no proof yet that that's true.   
  
Awesome. We love delusion to a certain extent. There's fantasy land, BS land.   
  
That's not the delusion we want to be in. But we want to be somewhere in between reality and riding dragons. We're probably riding dragons.   
  
I don't know. I'm not God. I can't say what is and isn't fully possible.   
  
But I'm pretty sure. But there's a lot between here and there that I could do. So that's the space that we want to play in.   
  
The further towards fantasy land that I can get, the more wild life becomes. The more I become in that process. So if you want to think about like Peter's a fisherman, right? Fishermen spend their time on the water.   
  
Yes. They know water. They know when stuff hits water, it does what? Which direction does it go? Up or down? Yeah, down.  
  
He knows it. He knows if he jumps in water, he's going down, especially on a storm. Yet, supposedly, there's a time when Jesus is walking on the water and he says, Lord, if that's really you, call me out.  
  
He probably had that in fantasy land. I can't walk on water. But now all of a sudden, it's a little bit between fantasy land and reality because he's seeing him do it.  
  
And Jesus says, come on. And he steps out. He does what no one else other than one other human has ever done.   
  
Potentially ever done since. It created a new reality. And from there, forevermore, walking on water is no longer fantasy land.   
  
It's somewhere between reality and fantasy land. Does this make sense? Yeah. So, if Peter had stuck there and said, well, you can only do that because you're the Messiah, but none of us could ever do that, even no amount of faith that we have in you, you could never empower me to do that, then he's never going to step out of the boat.  
  
There's a level of, I wonder if I can. Hmm, let's find out. Because if he doesn't, he's in a storm.   
  
He's sinking. Alex, what happens to people when they sink in the water, open water in a storm? Drown. Drown.   
  
You're dead. That's a big risk. It's a big swing.   
  
And in this space, we love big swings. Because we're going to start doing things that we think are impossible. Yeah.   
  
So, to serve that, I want to talk about the values that I operate from to invite you into this world that I'm a part of. So, my values are WOLF. I love acronyms.   
  
I come from ministry, like I said, so I always find ways to make things into lists and acronyms. But essentially, WONDER, OWNERSHIP, LOVE, FREEDOM. WONDER as being that we are diligent in exploring all possibilities.   
  
HYPER SUSPICIOUS OF CERTAINTY. And what I mean by HYPER SUSPICIOUS OF CERTAINTY is anytime I think, I can't walk on water, I know that for sure, I want to pause and go, well, how could I? How could it be possible that that might actually be able to happen? Right? For most of our lives, going to Mars, off the table. And like him or hate him with Elon, like I got tons of mixed feelings, it seems like it might be possible.   
  
Because he's done stuff to push that. Right? Bezos is doing stuff to push that. So many people in the space area are figuring out ways.   
  
We just went back to the moon, something that was supposed to be impossible to do again. Right? So for as long as we say it's impossible, it stays impossible. But the moment we start to wonder, things start to be able to become possible.   
  
Now, again, we're probably never going to ride dragons. I'm not talking about nonsense, total fantasy stuff that's like, I'm absolutely like hospitalizationable delusional. No, a little delusional.  
  
Let's stay out of the hospital, but let's keep in the world of wonder where we are here. So we're exploring all possibilities, hyper suspicious of certainty. Because this moment we become certain of something, we're closed.   
  
I'm certain I know how Alex will respond to this. I won't even ask him something. And we do that with ourselves, relationships, whether it's friendship or romantic, we're going to get really, really bad results.   
  
Because we start making a lot of assumptions. And assumptions make what? An ass out of you and me. So let's not be asses.   
  
Right. Let's be very, very curious and open and stay away from certainty. By the way, it's like profanity is like, let's stay away from that.   
  
Or where we at? Yeah, for the most part, stay away. Just out of respect for those that don't agree. But like, yeah.  
  
Awesome. It's words of words to me. So I'm like, I don't I forget that sometimes.  
  
Be even like a corporate space. So I'd just like to ask. We take full responsibility for every experience that we have.  
  
This isn't going into the like, you're responsible for the trauma that happened to you. You made that happen. Right? No, no, no, no, no, no.   
  
Again, like these, these things are true until they're not true. That's how we play with them. Right.   
  
So what is true about it, like I have a lot of abuse in my past, sexual abuse, physical abuse, emotional abuse, all kinds of stuff like you can go through the list and I could probably yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. Right. All of us have some sort of trauma in our lives that we've been through.   
  
We did not make that happen. And I borrow from my recovery days here. What I am responsible for is what I do with that moving forward.  
  
Right. So I take ownership of everything in my life where I go that could cripple me or I can learn how to let this be something that makes me stronger, smarter, more compassionate. All the things that are in there.   
  
Right. So we take ownership. If I'm not getting the results that I want, the first place I'm looking is the mirror.  
  
What is it about me that's keeping me from getting my results? Right. So if you're trying to build your business and you're going, dang, I get meetings all the time, but I can't close them. Right.   
  
It's the customer's fault. They all suck. I'm only getting bad leads.   
  
Probably not true. Right. Let's say 10, 20 percent terrible leads.   
  
Never would have gotten them. 80 to 90 percent, you were probably in your own way. Right.   
  
So we look back at us. What am I doing that is or is not leading me to my results? Love or fierce enemies of complacency, powerful advocates of people. There's a different definition of love that some people have, but complacency.  
  
The reason why I say this be fierce enemies of complacency is have you ever had somebody in your life? It might be you even that like things are falling apart and they just don't care anymore. And it's like, what are you doing? Like, I can't keep people like that in my life because it just it bothers me. What I do, I become a nuisance to them.   
  
Hey, I love you and I can't let this sit here, man. You're ruining your marriage, your family, your business, your whatever. I don't think it's very kind or loving to just let people ruin their lives.  
  
If I can step in, I'm not going to control them. I'm not going to tell them what to do. But I want to at least be a light to expose what I see happening there.  
  
If they're complacent, I don't care or whatever. There's so many people in recovery that I've met that they know they're ruining their lives by drinking or drugs or whatever the thing is that they're in recovery for. And there's a disconnect.   
  
They don't care. The cost of what they're doing isn't big enough yet for them to care. And it's terribly sad because it's costing them and the people around you so much.  
  
So complacency is why I'm a fierce enemy of it is because it's not just you that it affects. It's every single person around you. It's the people that you love.  
  
It's the people you don't even know because we have the ripple effects in our lives. And to be a powerful advocate for somebody is to hold space for who they could be, what they could do. We want to believe in that delusional world.  
  
When I met Alex, he was light years from what he's up to right now. Some of our conversations, I'm not going to out all those because to me the coaching space is a sacred space. But some of it was even like, I don't know how I'm going to afford the next bill.  
  
How are we getting into this? And to see what he's creating, what he's building into and serving and helping out as well is phenomenal. Holding space for, hey man, there's more in you that could come out of this. Let's hold space for that.  
  
Let's hold space for yourself today and I'll hold space for you as well. And then freedom. Reject passivity.  
  
Actively choose who we are and how we show up in the world. I'm surprisingly more introverted than I am extroverted. And through a lot of sales trainings and evangelism trainings and all the rest, learning a lot of tools how to look extroverted.  
  
If I just went off of my natural inclinations, I never would have met Alex. Because I don't know them, it's weird, it's awkward. I wanted to crawl out of my skin when I talked to them.  
  
But because who I want to be is someone that serves people. Hey, let me step out of myself for a second here and be somebody that talks to a stranger. I don't do that every day.  
  
Most days I'm incredibly introverted. But when it serves, I can step into something, a way of being that serves that moment. Not a way that's denying myself, that's lying to myself.  
  
It's just I allow myself to be what I need to be in that moment to get the results that I want to get. Does this make sense? Yeah, it's good. The world that we're going to be playing in here today, let's see here.  
  
The two challenges that I want you just to be eating into your brain here. Every leader vastly underestimates their own potential. Every single one of us.  
  
And when I say leader, I don't necessarily mean business owner, manager, team leader, whatever. Every person leads their own life. So this does apply to teams, it does apply to entrepreneurship, but also just in your own life.  
  
Every leader vastly underestimates their own potential. And the second, every leader vastly underestimates their team's potential. And because of that, we play closer to the world of reality than we do to the world of fantasy.  
  
Right? You can raise your hand real quick, drop it in the chat if you want. But I just have an inkling here that if I were to ask you all, so I am asking you all, how many of y'all experience yourself playing smaller because you underestimate your own potential? You know that you limit yourself, yeah. Or maybe you're growing on your own and you're doing work for yourself, but now you have a team.  
  
You go, well, I can't ask that much of them, so let me only do this much. And we keep lowering the bar. Yeah, am I the only one? Yeah.  
  
We lower the bar there. And what I love about humans, I have a base assumption here about all of us humans, is that we like to win. And we set that bar to where we think we can win.  
  
So we play it safe, let me lower it. That's never fun. Like I golf, and I'll go to like, on the easy days, let me go up to the white tee and tee off, it's the closest that I can get to the hole.  
  
And then there's days that I'm like, what if I go back to the black? What if I'm doing like, dang, this is way back. It's just added 100 yards. Can I do this? Those are the fun times, especially if I'm out there competing with somebody else and it's like, what am I capable of? I know I can at the easy, that's boring.  
  
Can I do it where it's hard? Right, what am I capable of doing here? Okay, so let's start jumping in. On a scale of one to 10, how would you rate your leadership? One being not leading at all, 10 being the best leader you could possibly be. And again, leader is everyone here.  
  
I would like you to apply this to both work and life. As a leader in my life, one out of 10. Because there's no Alex at work and then Alex at home.  
  
There's just Alex. There's just Keely. You're the only other name that I see here.  
  
Or Ryan, right? There's just us as people and we take ourselves to these different places. We play different roles, but those roles are still us. One to 10.  
  
So Alex, on that scale of one to 10, what would you rate yourself? I feel like I'd give myself a seven if I was honest with myself. Okay. That's good, I like being honest.  
  
It'd be weird if you're like, I'm lying to myself right now and I'm just going to be a seven. Why a seven? I feel like I'm somewhat quickly able to identify areas where I could be a better leader if I asked more of myself. But I'm also not lower than a seven because I'm proud of the areas where I have battled and continued to step up to the plate and do my best.  
  
But there are areas I feel like I'm not doing my best in. Anybody else want to come off mute or drop in the chat or anything? Rick's throwing up gang signs. Anybody else? It was the same for me as what Alex said.  
  
I feel like I have achieved a lot and I know how to lead. I just know I'm not the best at it, but I think I do pretty good. Yeah.  
  
I gave myself a four. Even though I am good at leading in a lot of areas, I can see the potential at where I can get to. So I'm rating myself a lot lower knowing where I will be going.  
  
Haley, real quick before you stay off mute for a second here. Even just from that, I make up that you're somebody that's like, if I would ask you to rate Alex's, you'd probably rate him higher. Yeah.  
  
That's me. When I first did this, I gave myself a three. And I cried for like 10 minutes.  
  
That's how I'm feeling right now. Yeah. So I just like, not for nothing, kindness to yourself, right? I make up you're incredibly kind to the people around you.  
  
You believe in them unlimited, right? Of those key challenges, you probably don't underestimate your team as much as you underestimate yourself. And yeah, that'll wreak havoc all over your life. So just, if nothing else today, like kindness to yourself.  
  
And my coach helps me with this is, so I was like, I'm doing all the belief work. I'm doing all the affirmations. I'm doing all this stuff.  
  
It's not working. And I just had my son. And she said, how would you talk to your son? I was like, man, I would do anything.  
  
So it changed the world. He's worth everything. Like I get all this stuff.  
  
She was like, awesome. Go look yourself in the mirror and talk to yourself like you would your son. And I did every day for two weeks.  
  
I did this and I still do it to this day. But every single day, I just wept. Some days I couldn't even say anything to myself.  
  
But just to look at myself with love, I hadn't done that my entire life. And that alone transformed my relationship to me and it transformed my life. So I'd just like to invite you to that if you're willing to just practice that.  
  
Somebody that you love dearly. And then go look in the mirror and talk to yourself like you would talk to that person. And use your name.  
  
It's so weird. But use your name. Keely, I believe in you.  
  
Right, Keely, you're going to change the world. Keely, you're amazing. And you just pour that love onto yourself.  
  
What happens here, to pull the curtain back, our brains are phenomenal machines. They're so stinkin' smart. They're like meaning-creating machines.  
  
And we find that meaning by all the data we have out in the world. And some of that data is our own voice to ourselves. So if we change the way we think, repentance, metanoia, change the way you think.  
  
To transform your mind. It's hard to take that on a silent mode. Because you can tell yourself stuff all day long, but when somebody tells you, it's like, yeah, I know.  
  
That's the truth. So our brains are so smart that it creates meaning from that. But you can trick them.  
  
And you can talk to yourself. And your brain goes, that's my voice. But also, I guess it's not me because I'm hearing me.  
  
And I don't ever hear voices unless someone's talking to me. So they just said my name. And I'm saying it.  
  
So now I have the thought because I'm saying it. And then I'm hearing the thing back. We're reinforcing this on multiple different levels.  
  
This is the whole power behind affirmations. People are like, go and you say it to your mirror. I'm successful.  
  
I'm going to get a new client today. I'm going to lose weight. Whatever, right? The power is not the words.  
  
The power is that your brain's hearing it. And it's thinking it. And if you write it down, I love writing things by hand.  
  
I have terrible handwriting. I have dysgraphia, dyslexia. It's like all the disses, they're in there.  
  
But when you write, you access your language part of your brain. You access your art part of your brain. You access the motor skills of your brain.  
  
There's a different thing as well. It's three to four different areas of your brain that get really lit up when you handwrite something. Interesting, okay.  
  
And then, handwrite it and stay it. And now, you've gotten the part of speaking and hearing. It's visual because you're reading it as you're writing it.  
  
Right? So, it reinforces things. That's why it's like if I put it on my phone, I don't remember it as good as if I wrote it down by hand. And also, just to kind of like pause here for the rest of you all, if this is the only thing that you take away.  
  
The two things here, like all of you be kind to yourselves. Do the thing in the mirror. Be weird.  
  
It's like it will change your life. Like I'm willing to gamble a ton. That if you all did that every single day for two weeks, if it doesn't change your life, come back and let me know.  
  
I'd love to know that. That would be like the first time I've ever heard of this happening. The second thing here is if you have a thing that you want to get done, write it on a post-it note.  
  
Write it on several post-it notes. Put it on top of your coffee maker. Put it next to your toothbrush.  
  
Put it next to your alarm clock. Put it on the rear of your mirror. Put it on your tachometer.  
  
Put it inside your shoes. Put it inside your sock drawer. Put it as many places as you can get it.  
  
I'll hide stuff in plates so that way when I lift stuff up, I'm like, oh, shoot, that's right. That's what I'm supposed to be up to. It's an A to D trick that I take into the coaching world because I'm seeing it again and again and again and again and again.  
  
Screenshot it. Make it your background on your phone. I want to live in the world of what I'm up to, and I will be distracted.  
  
So let me make sure that I keep this all the time front of mind. I don't want to trust myself that I'll remember. Let me set myself up for success.  
  
So thank you all for playing. Can I share two things on that real quick? Something that, and this was from Earl Nightingale on the putting stuff, like writing stuff down and having your goals around you. He suggested, and it's something I probably have in my wallet right now.  
  
I'm not sure if I do. I haven't been as crazy about it lately, but I was crazy about it for a while, where you write it down on a business card in your wallet. And so every single time you open your wallet, you see that, the goal.  
  
You see the thing you're trying to do. So that's a way to do all that. Plus, I keep one that's on me.  
  
Or your phone lock screen is another thing I use. I was a big advocate for phone lock screen doing that when I was more delusional. And it sounds like I need to be more delusional.  
  
The other thing, too, is that my version of doing the, like, Alex, you're awesome. Alex, you're loved. Alex, you're common.  
  
Those sort of things happen for me on walks. So I guess you guys don't know this about me, but almost every single day. Almost every single day, I go for a walk at night, and I'll go for anywhere from a 15-minute walk to two-hour walks.  
  
Like, it's not uncommon for me to have an hour-and-a-half walk where my phone's on do not disturb, and I'm out walking. And I hate the winter because it gets so freaking cold, but I still go out and do it. Texas weather.  
  
But I go out, and that walk is not just a, ooh, look at the trees. Oftentimes, it's, for me, a conversation with God of, God, thank you that I am this. Thank you that I am forgiven.  
  
Thank you that I am righteous. Thank you that I am justified. I'm so grateful, God, that you've provided for me, that you've done this.  
  
And many times, it's not a one-way conversation. Like, I'm listening, and I'm repeating, and I'm often writing down what I feel like the Lord is saying. And oftentimes, it's, Alex, I love you.  
  
Alex, you are forgiven. Alex, you are. And so, I'm like, he's telling me, but I'm, like, telling it back to him.  
  
Like, I am this. Like, Alex, you are this. And I'm going, I am this, you know? And so, I'm so grateful.  
  
It's this beautiful, like, love spiral tornado thing. At all times, it's always accessible. So, not to be weird and spiritual, but that's me being weird and spiritual.  
  
And that's kind of how I do that without being in, like, front of a mirror and saying that. So, yeah, I just wanted to share that. Yeah.  
  
Also, are you all familiar with EMDR? Yeah. The therapy. That actually got started from the therapist taking walks with her clients.  
  
And transformation just started happening within 10 to 15 minutes of those walks. And she kept doing the studies on it. It's because as we're walking, our eyes are scanning our surroundings.  
  
Yeah. And so, then they went, ah, it's the eyes. Okay, we don't have to take the walk.  
  
We can just do the eyes. But, yeah, so if you want to, like, EMDR yourself, take a walk. It's insane how beneficial it is.  
  
Yeah, I love it. I also like to tell people, like, I love that Alex said, like, I try to say, like, what God thinks about me. And then back that up with scripture.  
  
Because then, like, you can argue with yourself. Like, I'm really not that awesome. I'm just, you know, I'm just delusional, whatever.  
  
I'm just lying to myself. I don't know about y'all, but, like, anytime I try to argue with God, it doesn't go well. And so, telling people to, like, think of how God sees you and then back that up with scripture.  
  
What, are you going to argue with God? Like, he said, you're great. He said, you can be like him. He said, you're forgiving.  
  
He said, you're powerful. You're going to do amazing things. Right? Was he lying? I don't think so.  
  
Yeah. Yeah. Go talk to him.  
  
Yeah, like, that put him on trial. Otherwise, maybe try to believe it. Because life is a lot more fun when you do believe it.  
  
And he stopped arguing. And he started going into that curiosity, that wonder. How could it be possible that those things are true? Okay.  
  
So, the majority of people, when they rate themselves, they're going to rate themselves a six, a seven, or an eight. The biggest number that people do the most often is seven. Because exactly what you, what's your name? My personal cleaner? Rick.  
  
Rick. Yeah. So, what Alex and Rick said, hey, I feel like I'm doing, like, okay.  
  
I'm doing pretty good. I'm not a bad leader, but I have room to grow. That's the average.  
  
People go, like, I don't want to be cocky and say, like, a nine or ten. Because I can always grow. But, like, I'm doing pretty good.  
  
And what I love about that is if we move that into, like, a school, people give themselves a 70%. Congratulations, you barely passed. Yeah.  
  
You got a C-, guys. Keely, you're with me. You're in the after school program working on learning more, right? You're a good company here, or I'm in good company, I should say, with you in that space.  
  
But most people will think six, seven, or eight, because I don't want to be too cocky. I have room to grow. So, y'all are perfectly on target here.  
  
Again, we go back to the, we underestimate ourselves as leaders. We drastically underestimate ourselves. So, this is where I want to start playing with Alex.  
  
Y'all, please play along. Take as much notes as possible. I'm going to share my screen again, so I won't be able to see the chat.  
  
But, pull this up, because I want to give y'all something to be able to look at here. Bring up Go. All right.  
  
Give me some of this rating. Okay. So, imagine you become a full ten out of ten instantly.  
  
Y'all still see the screen? No, can't see it. Great. For real? No, can't see it, yeah.  
  
Okay, I don't believe you. It's not there. Is it really? It's not there.  
  
It's not there. No, we can't see it. How is it not there? You know what? I'm just going to, I'm going to just share my whole screen.  
  
There. Now, do you see it? Yes. Okay.  
  
All right. Cool. All right.  
  
Now, I can see y'all as well. I don't have the chat, but talk to yourselves in there. Okay.  
  
I'm just going to leave it up this way, a smaller screen, but I can still see y'all, and I can see the screens. Okay. So, on a scale of one to ten, we did that.  
  
Cool. Oh, my goodness. Okay.  
  
Now, let's wave a wand to you, right? We're in the land of magic. You magically become a full ten out of ten. Wake up tomorrow morning, instantly ten out of ten.  
  
I want to know, what do you start doing? What do you stop doing? And what are those results? Now, we're going to pause here for a few minutes to let people write those answers down. I'm going to run to the bathroom super fast while I'm doing the brain thing. Cool.  
  
And as y'all are doing that, I just want to let y'all know, there's no wrong answers. So, as you're processing it, if you have that thought of, like, I did whenever I'm doing this, like, well, I was probably dumb. Write the dumb stuff.  
  
What do you start doing? What do you stop doing? What are the results? Do y'all see that weird, like, image inside the image inside the image inside the image thing? Yeah. Okay. We got the infinite image loop.  
  
It told me not to do it, and I was like, well, now I'm doing it, because I want to see what this is. Okay. Let me just write it so I have bullet points.  
  
Also, what's great about having ADD is there's no, like, fill music like there would be if this was in person. I just got my own soundtrack going, so I'm having a good time. Y'all are like, this is awkward.  
  
And what are the results? I'm going to leave the, what are the results for the, I guess, I know what I would start. I know I would stop just right off the top of my head. We can talk through the results.  
  
All right. What do you start? What do you stop? Kind of a crazy one, but it has been my desire to travel for so freaking long, and, like, I've always put that off, put that off, put that off, and it hit me just recently. I don't need to be this crazy, like, go to Costa Rica, go to the Philippines, and need to make a bunch of money.  
  
Like, I can go and camp on the weekends, every weekend. Like, nothing's stopping me. In fact, I could go and camp tonight if I wanted to go camp.  
  
Like, I could just drive somewhere 30 minutes away to an hour away and just go out and be in the wilderness and go read a good book and start a fire and sleep in a tent. So that, like, has been, like, I feel like I'm not getting to fully be myself, and one day I get to finally travel and do the thing I really want to do. And, of course, like, I want to be by a beach.  
  
I love surfing and all that. But, like, I can be that version I want to be in the future, like, now by doing this small mini travel vacation thing. So that's one.  
  
I've got four here. Do you want me to pause on that, or do you want me to just go through them? The next one, I think, is, like, just be more vulnerable. I think, for those of you that follow me on social media, try to know what you do.  
  
Kiwi, I don't know kind of who else does, but, like, I am extremely, like, open and very, like, curious and very, I would say, like, I wonder a lot. You know, I'm skeptical of certainty. And so I kind of push and question, and I think that's always been who I am is to be questioning and curious of, like, the status quo and what everyone else thinks.  
  
But I've been scared of, like, what are people going to say? Like, what if I really ask that question? And it's been a very recent thing in the past, like, few months and past year of just going to that deeper level of, like, talking to my pastor and going, like, hey, I don't agree with that. Like, I think that's off, honestly. And telling, like, my best friend, like, I think that's, I don't think that's right.  
  
And I think, I really think it's not right. I know everyone else thinks that. I really don't think that's right.  
  
And for me to, like, be vulnerable to go, like, just, I don't know, like, I could, I don't know how that affects me, but, like, I know it scares me. I'm a people pleaser. I'm a sensitive person.  
  
And I don't like confrontation. I'm super anti-confrontation. And so that's, like, like, I hate calling customer support for something that they owe me.  
  
You know, like, I don't like it. But being more vulnerable, being more open and transparent, that would be me being a 10 out of 10. And then the second one kind of, the third one kind of falls into that, which is just being less scared of people.  
  
I haven't said things, same thing, I haven't said things or brought things up because I'm scared, just honestly. Yeah. And, like, therapies, like, uncover that.  
  
And there's multiple things there. But scared and I would be less scared of me being a 10 out of 10 would be less scared of people. And I don't, like, if someone looks at me and goes, I hate Alex.  
  
Alex is a terrible person. In fact, I think he's evil and is just the worst person in the world. Like, for some reason, like, that sounds dumb.  
  
And, like, I totally disagree. And I think you're an idiot for thinking that. But, like, you get to have your own thoughts and whatever, be your own whatever.  
  
But, like, why is that even, like, worry me? Like, why am I so worried about, like, how someone's going to comment if I say something? Like, I posted something today that was really controversial and some people put, like, no. Like, I disagree this. And I was, like, well, I think you're wrong.  
  
But, like, I love you still. So, like, hopefully you still love me. But whatever.  
  
And the last thing, and I'm kind of sensing a similar, like, theme here, like, vulnerable, less scared. But the last thing here is just more trusting. I think there's definitely some, I think, fear, honestly, is holding me back in a lot of ways.  
  
And so, I think, and I have just, like, have reason for being weary. Like, it's not, like, a weird out-of-proportion thing. Like, I've just been betrayed and had some really, you know, I would say, like, just growing up and abusive stuff, as we all have.  
  
And we all have our stories. But I definitely, and I've taken the steps, you know, for healing and for growing in those areas of wanting to be more trusting. So, that's what instantly it feels like I would have, I would fulfill the end results of, like, the next two years of therapy.  
  
Like, I would just be there. But it's kind of hard. Like, how can I be that right now? And I guess I can just continue to do my best and at least be on the path, you know, even if I don't experience the fullness of it.  
  
Yeah, yeah. So, what would the result? If you're more vulnerable, you're less scared, you're more trusting, and you do more traveling, right? Like, those are the four things you said, right? Yeah. I think the result would be, like, this level of empowerment on a personal level, on an interpersonal, intrapersonal level, but also interpersonal where I feel, because I feel more free and more empowered, I'm able to then serve others better, love others better, love myself better, experience love from God better.  
  
But really, like, get to be, one of my therapists, he goes, we receive, we contain, and we broadcast. And so I just feel like I would just receive more love and receive more of what I'm meant to be, contain that and be that, and then just get to broadcast that. Like, that's the biggest thing.  
  
Like, that would come out in business because we serve people better. That would come out in a higher top, a better top line. That would come out in better relationships.  
  
That would come out in being more bold to post on social media, which is what I feel like I'm called to, and I've been called to for a while, but, like, I've been just kind of scared. And so I think the results would be just more, like, life and life abundantly, you know? So, yeah. I don't care about the dollar signs as much.  
  
Like, it's really not that, but, I mean, it would affect money. How would that show up in your business? Yeah. So, in my business, it would show up as giving our, in a leadership perspective, giving our VAs a bit more leeway to take a more holistic, like instead of going here, like, focus on this one area, kind of giving them, like, look at what we're doing together and look where we're looking to grow together because I trust them more and I'm willing to, like, here's access to this and here's this.  
  
What are your thoughts? And just give, just have, just be a better leader in that way, where the VAs have more that they're in control of. Like, we just hired another virtual assistant today, so it's like, okay, like, that one, I'm like, just do this one thing in this area. But I'm like, no, like, he could be, like, an assistant.  
  
Like, he could do more. Like, he could, like, I'm just looking, I'm looking at the thing I wrote down, which is every leader underestimates their team's potential. And I'm like, yeah, I think I'm underestimating my team's potential.  
  
And if I did all these things, I would, the team would grow. Like, the business would grow. So dollars, more clients, the new businesses we've started would grow faster, would grow bigger, and would be more sustainable, and it wouldn't be so dependent on me because I trust other people to do it.  
  
So, yeah. Nice. How many of y'all have, like, similar start-stops results of the, like, I'd have, you know, more income, more sales, more fun, less, fewer, whatever.  
  
Like, how many of y'all are seeing some of those things? Yeah. Mine was not anything like that. Yeah, cool.   
  
Okay, what was yours? It was, I took it, I really took the questions more literal as, what is my 10 as a leader? And so, what would I start doing? I'd start making better decisions. And I would stop emotionally reacting to everything. That's a big one.  
  
I struggle with that. I got to stop emotionally reacting. I need to stop, process things, and get through that before I react.  
  
And I think, and the results of that are success and peace of mind. And I think peace of mind is probably number one. Success would be number two.  
  
Nice. Thank you for sharing. Yeah.  
  
Yeah, I love that. One of my favorite things here is, how many of y'all feel like that's like, man, this is, I know what this means. That I put down stuff and that's detailed.  
  
Yeah, I see many of the words, you're like, eh, I mean, yeah. That was like sometimes, depending on the day. Right, so here's one of the things that we do to trick ourselves, is we're vague, right? And vague language looks like, I like to call them ER.  
  
There's emergency room words. When you see these words, it's an emergency. More, less, fewer, better.  
  
Gosh, what else here? That's lesser, right? They're not always ER, sometimes they're RE, right? But they show up in this way of like, did anybody say like, I'd make more money? Yeah, right? I love this. Every single time I work with somebody, they say that. I want to make more money, right? Is that a penny or is it a million dollars? How much more, right? But if we're vague, we can settle for a penny.  
  
I made more. And so we want to start moving from vague to specific. So what I want you all to do, Alex included, call this the funnel specificity.  
  
The funnel specificity is moving things from vague to specific. And you'll know it's specific when you can take this and you can hand it to a child and they'd go, oh, I could do that. Make sense? Yeah.  
  
You're saying for the results, we should be more detailed, or for the what to start and what to stop, be more detailed? All of it. Wherever you see those ER words. Okay, so travel more.  
  
What does that mean? Yeah. Every week, every day, every year? For that, that's in my specific goals. And I put once a quarter.  
  
Okay. For a week. I like that.  
  
So some vague words here, again, to clue you in. More, better, faster, less. Specific words.  
  
Stuff that you can start working to get the specificity is X amount. How many? If I want to travel more, how much travel? By what time? What day? Like I want this to live on my calendar. We're going to move this from idea, from dream, to plan.  
  
A plan lives on your calendar. An idea, a dream, it's just out there. It's fun.  
  
It's vague. The reason why we stay vague in life is vague. I don't have to be responsible to it.  
  
I don't have to be held accountable to it. Oh, I thought you said you wanted to make more money. I did.  
  
I made a penny more. I did it. But when you go like, I'm going to make an extra $100,000 this year, and whoever you tell that to, they can go, hey, how's that going? How close are you? Hey, I got $60,000 so far.  
  
I got $40,000 more to go. By what date? How much percent? Do I want to increase those walks by 50%? Or the sales by this much percent? Or my team? Or I want to go hang out with my friends 50% more of my calendar? Or whatever the thing is. Let's start getting very specific.  
  
Or how many times less? We start honing in on the specificity here. Vague leaves room for assumptions. It avoids action.  
  
And that's why we humans like to be vague. I don't know. What does that even mean? I can't tell you how many times I go back to my goals list.  
  
I go, start project. Oh, what project? What am I even talking about? Do dishes. Okay, is that putting them away? Is it cleaning them? Is it loading the dishwasher? What does that mean? When I say, okay, today I'm going to wash the dishes in the sink.  
  
I'm going to clean the dishes on the stove. I'm going to load the dishwasher. I'm going to run the dishwasher.  
  
I'm going to unload the dishwasher. I'm going to put them away to go. I get so specific, I can see did I do it or not.  
  
And anybody else that is like, hey, what's your goal today, can see if I did it or not. So when we're specific, there's no more room left to assume. And it naturally creates action.  
  
I want to travel to New York City by April 20th. I want to land there by 7 p.m. I want to stay in this hotel at this part of the city. I want to do these things.  
  
I want to do whatever. As I start doing it, it means I better book my flight. I better get my hotel.  
  
I better start saving some money. Look at some restaurants to go to. It starts creating action for us to be able to take.  
  
I'd like to go to New York someday. Okay, cool. Someday doesn't exist.  
  
More, more, more specific. And I'm aware of the irony that I'm being vague. Alex, what specificity did you create? Yeah, so for travel, I put once a month, I think.  
  
Okay, so travel once a month. Yeah, life just happens, but at least once a month. And that can be just like going on a travel.  
  
So what is travel? Travel looks like sleeping somewhere else, I guess I would say. Okay. Or that's like not a sleep slumber party at a friend's house.  
  
I'm trying to be super specific. No, yeah, that's what I was about to ask. Is that sleeping on the beds of your floor or your floor to the bed? Is it the couch? Is it the roof? Is it the guard? Is it a friend's house? Sleep where? I think it's got to be.  
  
Yeah, I think it's at least it's a campsite or it's at least like an hour away from where I live. So that's that's the let me write that down. Camp site.  
  
Yeah, while he's doing that for y'all that are playing along. I hope you're getting specific on your stuff. But notice he said something he thought was specific.  
  
I want to sleep somewhere else. That's what that means. And he caught himself.  
  
Wait a minute. That means that's not specific yet. I can be still more specific.  
  
Now we have at least a campsite or within one hour or outside of an hour of where I'm from. Right, we can continue to honing this down more and more and more and more. But just notice that don't stop when you think I got specific.  
  
Ask yourself again. What does that mean? Right. So just as we're playing, be processing your answers through that.  
  
All right. What else, Alex? I'm less scared of people. So for a while, I was posting on YouTube like pretty consistently.  
  
Like, I think if you look at my YouTube, it's like there's probably there's probably I don't know, 80 posts, 90 posts or something. And that's me posting Monday through Friday, every single Monday through Friday. And it's anywhere from two minutes to 15 minutes.  
  
And me just saying, here's life. Here's what I'm learning. Here's how I'm growing.  
  
Here's what we're changing. Here's business, whatever it is. Here's our goals.  
  
Here's our documenting. It's a very important part of my life. I've been doing it for a long, long time.  
  
And I have been not posting. Now, mind you, I was doing that basically from last December to up until about two weeks ago. So it's about like that's a lot, you know, doing that.  
  
It's a good routine. I'm not a disciplined guy, but somehow it's been a that was my goal of I'm going to be more disciplined by doing this. For all of for all of 2026, two weeks ago, I stopped.  
  
And when I really look at why I stopped, it wasn't because of stress. It wasn't because of burden. It was because I started to have ideas and thoughts that were pushing the what what people around me and what most people don't like really think.  
  
And when it comes to certain topics, most of them like spiritual stuff, honestly, like hyper, hyper religious. But yeah, anyway, so I stopped posting because I was like, this is what's on top of my mind. And I can't post without talking about this, but I'm not sure if I want to share it because I'm kind of scared.  
  
So I put down that the very detailed thing of instead of being less scared of people, it's I'm going to go back to posting one time a day. And I'm actually going to. Yeah, just just back to that.  
  
And like that, that will open the door for many things. And that's posting on YouTube. And then I've always wanted to do short form.  
  
I've been talking about for a long time, haven't been doing it. And so that's the for the more trusting I've I've wanted to hire someone to just edit the videos real quick, hire a V.A. for like five bucks, 10 bucks. They can go and make four or five pieces of content, just edit down what I already made.  
  
And I'm just like, they're going to do it wrong. They're going to mess up like they're not going to do how I like it. And I just haven't been trusting, honestly.  
  
So I have a V.A. that has edited stuff before, does a good job, and he's not going to get it perfect, but we're going to work through it. And I can trust him and we can get that process going. So I put that there will be three short form pieces of content a week on my personal Instagram, like YouTube Reels and YouTube Shorts and TikTok and X in those three times a week that there will be short form at minimum.  
  
I want to do more, but that's that gets the ball rolling. That's like we're that's eventually going to turn into terminal velocity. So the last one was being vulnerable.  
  
I think the honestly the deepest way I can be vulnerable and in a very detailed sense is like really lay out like this is my like dissertation on a specific topic. I'm super passionate right now about the use of like psychedelic assisted therapies for everybody. Not like and that's a taboo thing in the world.  
  
Extremely taboo. In fact, many people in the Christian world would even view it as wrong and demonic. And I'm super I'm just a big advocate right now for at least considering the research that's there medically and scientifically.  
  
Don't come to a conclusion. I'm not at a conclusion. The only conclusion I am at is it's worth considering.  
  
And so I just what I'm going to do is I had this as a goal of I'm going to write a dissertation. I'm not like in a program or whatever, but I wanted to get detailed. So I wrote I'm going to do I'm going to write 20,000 words on.  
  
I just put psilocybin and Christianity as far as Mark micro dosing as a psychedelic assisted therapy. And then I didn't write the date yet because as much as I want to get it done by like in three months from now, like I feel like the research and things like I feel it's going to be longer. I'm going to you through the long form through the short form.  
  
I'm going to be able to explore the research and such, but I just don't know if I'm going to have a final thing. But that's vulnerable for me for me to put down all that. I think about it in 100 pages to 200 pages and really write out like a freaking person that's creating their final thing for a PhD would.  
  
Here's guys. Here's it. And then that's vulnerable for me because then someone goes, yeah, I read it all.  
  
And I think you're full of crap and it's stupid. Like that's vulnerable for me. You know, like I don't want to write it because I don't want someone to say that.  
  
But once again, how dumb is it for me to like worry and be scared of that? So that's that's the I can't I could put end of year. I feel like I could 100 percent get it done by end of year. I want it sooner, but I could just first make was right now put by end of year.  
  
Real quick to the other people playing here. Does Alex's answers here, do they occur to you as specific or vague? Specific. Is there room for more specificity? Of course.   
  
Yeah. That's really good. Go ahead.   
  
Go ahead. Details. He could, but that will take more time.  
  
Where do you see specificity could be applied more instead of saying end of year? You could put December 31st. You could always get micro. Yeah.   
  
What else? How many pages are in your dissertation? Yeah. So I put 20,000 words. So that's the.  
  
That's that I guess I could. OK, I could instead of writing it like here, I wrote 20,000 words. I could do like this is a final draft, not like a rough draft.  
  
Like because I could totally see myself like, well, I wrote 20,000 words. Not yet. It's not done yet.   
  
Like I would. I would do that. Like I know myself.   
  
I would totally go like I wrote them down. Yeah. Or even if it was right, literally the words, 20,000 words.  
  
OK, final draft, 20,000 words on psilocybin Christianity by December 31st. Yeah. Hopefully sooner than that.   
  
But like, that's my like. Yeah, that's reasonable. And I that's a goal I'm proud of achieving.  
  
What else do we see room for specificity in that one or in other ones? I can go over them. I'm asking the other people playing here where they see. I'm pretty good at the travel.   
  
Now he knows where he wants to sleep. That's great. He did good.   
  
I guess if you're going to do for travel, though, like it would it be like a Thursday to Sunday? Would it be, you know, just the weekend? Yeah, I think. Or yeah, at least like I don't mind many trips, but like the many trips I do like end up not being many trips. Like I'm kind of notorious for like my friends.   
  
Now I go on vacation. It's like I went to a wedding in San Antonio and they're like, we're not going to see Alex for another week. I was like, oh, I'm going to be in Hawaii for like a week and a half.  
  
They're like, you're not coming back. And I was there another like three weeks. And then I ended up moving there like a half month later.   
  
So, but that is. I was gonna say, like, what about budget? I'm traveling. How much money am I willing to spend? Yeah, on the budget.   
  
Yeah, all these kind of things. I love it. What else, Kaylee, you had some stuff that you wanted to jump in with.  
  
This is just my opinion. But I am a big dreamer and I feel like you're limiting yourself. That's just my opinion.  
  
What did you say? How do you think? Like, how do you think? Like just dreaming bigger. Like you keep saying the word reasonable. And that's kind of what's getting me stuck is like hopping outside of what is reasonable.  
  
And dreaming bigger than that, you know. And truly envisioning every detail. Like when you're camping, like, what do the trees look like? What does, what animals are running by? What does it smell like? What does it sound like? You know, like extremely.  
  
Is yours that way, Kaylee? Not yet, but I'm seeing it. I'm seeing the plot. Yeah.  
  
I started it and then y'all started talking about some really good stuff. So I locked back into listening. One of the things that came up for me also here.   
  
Thank y'all so much for playing along. I love it. I love how people interact because it just upgrades the ownership.  
  
And I make up as you're answering to like, hey, Alex, I see where this is vague. You probably start going, oh, shoot, mine's that way. Okay, that's vague.   
  
Let me get more specific. One thing that came to my mind is you say, like, I was scared of people. What people? There's like 8 billion people.   
  
Are you scared of all of them? I can't make a YouTube video because these babies will judge me. Which people are we talking about? Why are we scared of it? Like, what is it about it that I'm unwilling to find out about myself from these other people? Right. Like there's stuff here that we can really dig into, especially if you're in therapy.  
  
And it's like, great. I got stuff I can take to my therapist and I can work through. And I say this about my face because I don't have to take it to therapy.  
  
Because what I do, I'm like, I don't want to say this. Yeah. So just notice that.   
  
Right. I'm scared of people. What people? People in China, people in Russia, people in America, people in Dallas, dead people, living people, not yet born people.  
  
Like, people's big. Yeah. And like, we did pick this and I'm sure people listening are going like, is that really necessary? No, it's not really necessary.   
  
None of this is really necessary. Keep creating results that come from big stuff and having what you want. But if you really want specific results, yeah, it's kind of necessary.  
  
Yeah, it's good. What would the results be? Yeah, I mean, I guess I didn't write down results because we kind of talked through results. But if I was more specific, I think it would look like what I say before in the business is just more money and more.  
  
I know part of me just doesn't want to write it down, but I know it's a good idea. But top line would increase. Yeah, you said that you'd be willing to hire more VAs.  
  
Yeah. Trust people more in the business, giving them more to do. Yeah, I think VAs, like the team constantly expanding is like obviously a goal and something that we've been pretty on track with.  
  
So I think hiring like one more VA, at least a quarter. So that would be like a very specific VA. And that's okay like across because we work in multiple businesses.  
  
So across the different businesses, that's like we're on track and doing well. Let's dig in there real quick. One VA a quarter.  
  
If you were to hire one right now, what does that make possible for you, for your team, for them, for your clients? What happens with hiring a VA? We have better customer service. We're quicker to respond to requests. Our team is less stressed.  
  
We are more quickly able to pivot based on the results that we're seeing and marketing and sales and such. Yeah, pause. Are we using vague or specific language? Yeah, vague.  
  
Okay. What specifically for you becomes available when you hire a VA? Specifically, I have less. I feel like I move like a level higher to focus on the things that need to be done.  
  
So we have the business grow. Like instead of doing the onboarding this and the specific onboarding for our SaaS, onboarding for ad stuff, I'm able to offload that, delegate that to someone, and then go and focus on driving the most important thing, which is getting the top line to where it needs to be. So I guess if I were to be specific about top line for the business that we're really focused on and spending a lot of time on right now, the top line there, or really the user count is what's most important.  
  
I'd say it's 100 users by the end of this quarter. And then past that, it's like another 50 users per month. So I guess I could write that down as exact date and exact like this many users by this date and this increase by this time perpetually.  
  
And let's not do it right now because we're budding up towards time here. But what I would like to see from that is, okay, so we added 100 this quarter and then 50 more every month. What revenue is that? Not just because like, hey, money, but money gives us the stuff that we're wanting.  
  
So does that enable the travel? Does that give you freedom? Even just personally, do you feel less stressed? Do you feel happier? Do you feel more free? Do you feel like all those things that start coming from this? And again, for you all playing along, be thinking about these things as well. If I got this much more sales or I did this less daily thing that just bothers me, how would I feel? What would become available in my life? Do I have more time for my family, for friends, to binge Netflix, to go for a walk, to do whatever, right? What starts to become available for me? Alex, the reason why I like money, talking about revenue increasing, is because, again, it makes things possible. So it makes your finances better.  
  
It also makes whose finances better. All the people in the business, yeah. Yeah.  
  
Yeah. You get to be more generous. They get to make more money.  
  
And then what does that do to them? How does it make them feel? What becomes available in their lives? They can buy their kids better presents or their spouse or their whoever. They get to increase their generosity. Also, we're hiring VAs.  
  
I know a lot of people personally, they kind of like poo-poo on the idea of hiring people from other countries because it's cheap. But in their economy, that pay is pretty dang good. Oh, yeah.  
  
We pay our VAs better than doctors where they live. And so then it becomes what becomes available for them. What kind of legacy are they able to build? We change the trajectory of people's families.  
  
Right? Again, this might sound kind of BS. Ooh, is it really that? No, but it happens. And we're really able to make impact because we got one VA.  
  
Yeah. Because we added 100 users this quarter, we get to change people's lives. And we're giving good service.  
  
Yeah. These 100 people this quarter get a great value. Right? So, it's not the money.  
  
It's what the money brings. And generosity is one of my favorite things. I love being generous.  
  
I'm like, I want to give. If I could, I'd just give everything. I just want to give.  
  
I had a time one time in prayer time, I feel like God told me I was richy-rich. And it really bothered me because I was living out of my car at the time. I'm like, it's not true.  
  
It was like richy-rich wanted family. He's an orphan. And I felt very orphaned in life.  
  
He was like, richy-rich has access to everything he could want except that family. So, what does he do? He shares everything that he has with people. He's like, what's the money worth if I can't share it? Yeah.  
  
And that was it. That's my heart. I want to share.  
  
I want to bring people in and give them experiences. And I want to share it in life. Okay.  
  
So, we can see here, as we increase revenue, this actually goes into changing my life. It changes my team's life. It changes my client's life.  
  
Look, we clean houses. Okay. Is that holy work? Yeah.  
  
How many of y'all have come home to a dirty house before? Yeah. Yeah. It affects your physical, mental, emotional mood and your stasis.  
  
How many of y'all have come home, somebody surprised you and cleaned your place? Right? It happened to me before. I came home and cried. I was like, I've been looking at this mess for so long.  
  
And, man, it's just nice that it's done. Right? So, when we think about these things, what becomes possible as we increase the clients that we serve is we actually make space for them to have emotional capacity, mental capacity. We help them enjoy the space they live in.  
  
Right? I call that holy work. Right? What do you do? You clean houses? No, no, no. You create a space for people to enjoy where they live.  
  
Right? And then what becomes possible for them off of that? They stop bickering with people around them because they're so stressed out about stuff. Do they, like, what? They get happier. They make more friends.  
  
They find the love of their life because they're in a better head state. Who knows, right? We're out in Wonderland right now. Anything's possible.  
  
So, this is why we get specific. Because we want to know where it lives on the calendar, what it does for our bank account, what it does for other people. How does it feel? What are the results that are here? That's why we want to get vague.  
  
That's why we want to get specific and move away from vague. So, as you're doing this, you're going to keep this going after this call. You're going to keep digging through and going, where am I vague? Where is it going to be more specific? How much more, right? For the writing, Alex, how many words a day would you commit to writing? Right? Like, if I want to get a goal, by what time of day? Where do I want to write those? Is it by hand on this notebook? Is it on my computer? Is it on this app? Is it, what is the thing that we're doing here so I know that this is actually a real plan and it gets done? Right? Where am I recording my stuff? Am I pre-typing it out and getting it ready? Am I bringing people on to talk about with it? You funnel it more, more, more, more until it can't be more specific.  
  
It's painful how specific it is. And, again, is it really necessary? No. Keep having the results that you have.  
  
That's fine. But if you want the results, then, yeah, it's kind of necessary. Okay.  
  
Now, let's consider this, that 10 out of 10 that you're telling me about, 10 out of 10 that you've written down, typed out, voice message, whatever you did. Let's actually consider that that's a two. Right? Keely, good news.  
  
We're back in our zone. What if what we just described as, like, man, this is a stretch, this would be crazy. My life would absolutely drastically change if I actually did these things.  
  
What if that's a two? What's the new 10 look like? And notice on the thing, I don't care what you start and stop, what's the results? So, Alex, if we were to think through this real quick. Yeah. That 10 that you just told me, by the way, phenomenal.  
  
I love it. That sounds insane. That's a two, man.  
  
What's the new 10? Yeah, dude. That's insane. If you have to jump, jump.  
  
We're at time. Like, please don't. Yeah.  
  
The end result is to consider what's my new 10. Yeah. If you want to keep playing with this, Alex, post my email up.  
  
People can email me. We can play on this and go through it. It's no charge.  
  
This is fun for me to be able to come from it. So if you need to jump and you want to work through it more, yeah, let's do it. Or if you want to hire a coach, cool, let's talk.  
  
But we'll get to that. So what's the new 10, Alex? Yeah. I mean, new 10.  
  
I mean, it sounds crazy. Like, it sounds like I don't, like I feel almost prideful like even thinking that that's the new 10. But I mean, I think of like, I think of writing a book.  
  
I think of like going on podcasts and talking about the research and talking about the lack of Christian understanding in this area. I think about the, I'd be able to just give so much money to so many people. If that, like, you know, on the money side and business side, like be so stupidly generous.  
  
And like a goal of mine in life has been reversed tide. So like live on like 10% of my money and give 90% of it away and still be filthy rich, honestly, even living on 10%. So just give like the amount of good and awesome things that giving 90% of my money away would do like the people that would be able to live, you know, like water, food, housing, education, healthcare, what that money would go towards.  
  
Yeah. It's insane. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, So sad.  
  
Sweet, go to therapy. Myself, I got extra weight to lose. Cool.  
  
Diet, exercise. Make it fun. Alex mentioned something earlier about the vulnerability.  
  
Being scared, what if I'm judged? What if they hurt me? What if it comes back to me and all this stuff? I had a belief that was so deeply rooted here and my coach helped me uncover it of like, I've been hurt so much in my life. I don't wanna be hurt again. But I guarded.  
  
I could not let people in. I didn't get hurt anymore. And we transformed that into a new belief statement that like, I live through, which is my love is unlocked through my blood.  
  
Like, I'm not loving people if I'm not bleeding. The more you try to wound me, the more love you're dragging out of me. Off of that belief came, I'm far more powerful and strong than I ever thought I was.  
  
I'm unstoppable. And if it was true that I'm far more powerful and capable for more love, if it was true that wounds unlock my love, and the more you wound me, the more love you bring out of me, what would that look like? Well, it looks like I need to take a risk to get wounded. Looks like when people offend me, I give up the right to be offended.  
  
And I look at somebody and go, wow, you're really hurting. And I know that because I've hurt. You're really scared.  
  
And I know that because I'm really scared. You wouldn't talk to me that way if you weren't. Oh, you don't know how to love yourself.  
  
And I know that because you wouldn't treat me that way if you knew how to love yourself. Right, when we start with our being, it goes into the doing. And it's like magic, the results create themselves.  
  
If you woke up every day, the happiest you've ever been, committed to the happiest person in the room, you take that into like a new house. Hey, we wanna clean your house, the happiest people. I mean, I don't think people would want that away from them.  
  
I want this person in my life, right? It unlocks what we're looking for. And so much of the time we stare at our results and we say, this is what I want to create. I do it to myself.  
  
I have a goal weight that I wanna be at. I wanna be this way. I wanna be this way.  
  
I wanna be this weight. And I'm focused on that. And then I step on the scale and I go, dang it, I'm at that weight.  
  
I'm focused on the wrong thing. Instead I'm like, okay, cool. I got to take measurements, I take pictures, I get on the scale, I stretch.  
  
I do all this stuff so I can have so much input to see like, maybe the scale didn't move, but all these other things happened. And why'd they happen? Because I'm a healthy person. Do I wanna eat that meal? No, the healthy person doesn't eat like that.  
  
I eat this way. I do this thing, right? Am I gonna starve myself to lose weight? No, that's not healthy. It defines what I do and don't do for me.  
  
Does that make sense? Cool. Yeah. That's awesome.  
  
Blue Pass time, appreciate y'all staying. We could do this for hours and hours and hours on end and getting more and more specific. Talk about the impact that's gonna happen in their lives.  
  
Or we can keep processing this on our own, working it through vague to specific. Again, if y'all want more conversations, reach out. I love, I try to be- What's your email? Let me put it in the chat real quick.  
  
Is it TroyExecutiveMavericks or what is it? Yeah, TroyExecutiveMavericks.com. I'm gonna put it in the school as well. TroyExecutiveMavericks. My aim in life is to be the most generous person I've ever met.  
  
That's with my time, that's with my money, that's with my resources, that's with all the stuff that's there. Challenge my generosity. I don't know y'all.  
  
And I gotta throw the word out loosely. I love y'all. Love you, Troy.  
  
Thank you, dude. You're awesome. Absolutely.  
  
Thank you, Alex. Thanks for playing. Thanks for being vulnerable, man.  
  
Thank you, dude. One of the scared of people, shared a lot very vulnerably today. Thank you, man.  
  
I really appreciate that. Yeah. All right.  
  
Well, I don't know even how to put a wrap up awesomeness like that. I don't wanna wrap up awesomeness. Let's wrap up the thing with what are three things today that I'm committed to doing that are gonna drive me towards the results that I'm wanting to get? Who am I committed to being? Yeah, that's good.  
  
Insight's awesome. It does nothing if we don't take action on it. Yeah.  
  
And this is in the next 24 hours, by the way. The next 24 hours, I'm committed to these three things. Three actions.  
  
Okay. Courtney, is there anything you wanna share? Keely, anything you wanna share? Anyone here wanna put some kind of last words here for Troy and Troy, I love you, bro. Thank you, dude.  
  
Yeah, absolutely, man. I love you. I just wanna thank you for what you're doing.  
  
And I just really feel like you are a world changer in a lot of ways. Like the lives that you infect are also infecting other lives. And I just wanna encourage you in that.  
  
Like you're literally changing the world. Thank you. So thank you.  
  
This was very insightful and impactful. And I took a lot of notes. Good.  
  
So thank you. Are you Courtney? Okay, I figured whatever he named, you're on the second one there. I make it up that you're the kind of person that is more, let me sit back, watch, and get the things going.  
  
And then I'm gonna go and do. Is that fair? Yeah, that's painfully accurate. Courtney, could you go back to the last coaching calls that we've had? Like all of them.  
  
Yeah. It's fun to me. There's only a few types of people out there anyways.  
  
It's like, it's easy to read people just on how we play along. That's not like a woo, woo, woo. How do you know these things? We're way too easy to read.  
  
I'm the insight junkie that loves learning new things. And then he asked me, what'd you do the next 24 hours? Felt really good though. Yeah.  
  
So process this, please. Keep processing it. Keep working through it.  
  
Let it steep. A good tea takes a while. It's a really brew.  
  
Let it be like a good tea. And then yeah, reach out. Yeah.  
  
Cool. How about your actions? Awesome. Love it.  
  
Cool, cool. Alrighty. See you guys.  
  
Bye. Dude, you're a freaking legend. Here, let me stop recording this.  
  
You're so good, Troy. Thank you, man.
