Actually, like, uh, we're at about 60% from last month, so. Okay, so what was last month in revenue and then what are we projected for this month? We're at 9, we're at 9.5 last month and we're sitting at around 15 right now. Okay, 15, that's gonna be, end of the month is gonna be 15 you think, or end of the month is gonna be more than 15? If we book nothing else.

Okay. This month, we have 1500 books right now. Um, only if I were to complain about something, well, complain is the right word, but we're just, uh, didn't add a lot of recurring.

About 4,000 in, uh, in one time. We did a couple big move out claims, which are great, but, um, we're starting next month at, sorry, we went into this month with, I think 72 in recurring and we got 81, 82 going into next. It's still, still great, but the monthly revenue this month isn't really reflective of, of, uh, actual growth.

Okay, so run that by me again. You're saying last month you ended up with how much recurring and then this month you have how much recurring and next month, how much recurring revenue? About 71 last month. Okay.

About 80 something. Let's pull it up now. We added about a thousand this month in recurring, which is great, but I was just, just claiming that 15,000 in revenue isn't really, uh, reflective.

Last month, Alex, we had 5,600 in recurring. Mind you, some people aren't on recurring because they don't like to stick to that date, but they do come back and bust every month or so. So maybe you're adding that in, but now I was just, I was referencing about the, we did about four K and, and move out Queens, right? Which is all one time for this month.

Okay. So actual numbers is not 71 last month. That's 54.

And then this month it's like eight point something. Yeah. We're about around eight grand in recurring.

Okay. What do you have going into next month at this moment for recurring? Let me look, I guess I was adjusting for the customers we have. They're not both recurring.

So next month, um, recurring revenue is 8,600. Okay, cool. Yeah.

Um, I know I keep asking this. I just talked to a lot of people. What was the, when did you guys start in business? Like what was actual start date last year? Like July, like you really started taking it seriously.

Our first plane was in July. I think we had two planes that month. Okay.

So you guys haven't been in business for a year. What I'm learning from others and us being in business just over a year now is that January, February, March, or the slowest months and the guys that have been in the business for three, four or five years, they lament, I must use an advanced vocabulary word about January and February, especially and go every year it comes around and I think about quitting the business. That's just like what he says, right? So you guys growing during these months is huge.

What was the jump? What was the difference between January and February? That's all I think. Let me pull it up. It's also important to note that I think it was January that we started Google ads.

So that made a big difference. We did Facebook got virtually nothing did LSA virtually nothing. So in business with any form of like substantial or significant marketing in place would be from the beginning of the year.

Yeah. So we're 8,500 in January, but only 3000 recurring. Okay.

So you guys are jumping about two to 3000 a month at the moment until we get to the end of April. We don't know what April's recurring is going to look like. To be honest guys, that sounds almost like right on track for how our revenue jumped.

As far as recurring revenue, I can pull up share my screen to share what that looked like for us. Going back. So let's look at July.

I think June 1st. June here. Okay.

Recurring. 1900. Accurate because the pending payments here, we didn't, I didn't even know, but like you should like hit the cash and check and I didn't hit the like charge button.

So this isn't really a good, I can't see. Okay. 35 recurring 10 times.

So let's just say like 70% because one times are more expensive. Let's say like 60% of the 80, 800 were recurring. So 60% of the 800.

Okay. 5,200. Okay.

Here, if I kind of just the same thing. Yeah, we have a bit more. So I'm going to take 65% of the 9,500.

52 80 to 65% of the 500 52. So we jumped up a grand and then these months should be pretty, they shouldn't have all these issues. Okay.

So we jumped up from there. We went higher 61. So 700 increase.

And then September I'm sure is when things got crazy. Notice how the revenue jumped mostly because our one-time jumps. So if I just go back a month, I didn't really notice that or make note of that for you guys, but we went from nine K to.

And one is similar to us this month. End of March. Right.

Like, yeah, that's, that's what I was like. Yeah. You guys are like right on track.

Right. So then we increased, you know, recurring and then recurring, I think really started to jump up here. So 6,800 recurring.

Just another thousand recurring in September, October, another thousand. Yeah. November 9,400.

December 15th. Massive jump here. So we go from November being.

That was in November. So November was 20, just shy of 21. And that's 9.4. And then December we jump up to mind you, this is Christmas time.

So where's people that we didn't even do Christmas day and that sort of thing. And when to 15 January, now January is when things slow down. Right.

So we went from 25 and 15 K recurring to. 20 K, but still this is good. We kept a lot of the recurring.

Right. We also have a snowstorm here. We have two cleaners called sick for a week.

That's part of it. Like this isn't accurate based on the business. Part of it is there's a unique situation here.

February is the smallest month, but even with the smallest month, we did 25 K, 13 K recurring. And then now in March, Brad's moment, we're at 26.5, 14 K recurring going into April. We currently have 17.

Right. So something I'd recommend for you guys is I would recommend I take these screenshots. Of what the month projects at and what the month starts at.

So let me just look here. At miscellaneous. Rough number of CPA calculations, old finances, start of the month.

So like October 1st started at 10 K recurring and 12.5 on the books. There's not a way for booking quality to kind of do this. I just do it manually by screenshotting.

So then if I look back at October, so you get for you guys to know, like when you start a month, what it actually ends up. So we started at 19 or we pull this here so I can clearly. See what's going on.

Okay. So we started at 12.5 and 10 K recurring. We ended the month at 19.

So we went from 12 K at the start of the month to 19. So that's a six and a half grand. And we lost two can recurrently say lost, but these are people that just cancel or like we add on new, but some people like, Hey, I want to skip this one, that sort of thing.

Right. Same thing for November. So on November 5th, I can see we started at 16 and 10 K and recurring.

That was the start of the month. What is the end of the month? Look at start at 16. So we jumped from 16.

So that's about five grand. And we started at 10.4 and we dropped a thousand. Right.

So you're going to experience this. I would recommend just taking screenshots. Once again, December 2nd, we started at 17 K recurring and was that 19 K 20 K total.

And then, and the system ended up at 15 K and 25 total. Right. So just, just a useful thing, right.

To be able to know where you end up being at. So I'd recommend doing that. So like, I think we did one started this month and I can probably go and see.

I just took a screenshot. I don't know where he put it, but it did take it. So it's just not in here, wherever he put it.

As you can see, we're just running it. So I'm like, whatever, you know, it ends up with that. So, and a good thing for us to right now is like, we racked up like putting money on marketing.

So we just use credit card. So I think we stopped ads a week and a half ago, two weeks ago. And we still have tons of people rolling in through GBP and we're just taking money.

Let's pay off the credit card real quick and then start marketing back up. And like middle end of April and may with like no, no debt. And capitalize when marketing is going to be the juiciest.

Cause it's that's, that's growth season. Summer is a growth season that January, February, March is like, it's tougher, way tougher. So, but it's not as tough when you have your Google business profile, bringing you organic.

So yeah. What do you guys want to go over? What's going to be most valuable for you guys here? So I'd like to, I guess with any of us starting next week, I'd like to kind of hear how you introduce yourself to a VA, maybe leadership roles, leadership values you communicated from the start, how you go about utilizing the SOPs available. And it's great that she has familiarity with it.

Now I'm being trained, but those are like some initial ideas that I'm thinking of about when starting her off. Like what is the best way to get her to hit the floor? Cool. Alex, what do you feel would be most valuable? Off of that? I'm just thinking of like today, for example, just like the amount of reference points and touches of communication that go along in the day where our leaders that, because our team is small enough, like they rely, we just have this comfortable relationship now.

Now we're going to basically be telling them like, obviously the conversation won't be, do not message me anymore about the business, but it's kind of transitioning that responsibility and direction for them to have them go to the VA when a client needs to be communicated with, when they have a question about their schedule, which is like doing it in a comfortable way where they kind of understand what we're shifting towards and what the new responsibilities of the VA will be like just out of getting that transition comfortable for the cleaners as well. Cool. Yeah.

All right. Let's write a couple of things down. So leadership with VA, VA comms with cleaners, but really on the cleaner side of relationship wise, relationship.

Okay. Gotcha. Um, we were very similar when we pivoted to having a VA, like I actually had met every single cleaner in person, had cleaned with a few of them and even had coffee and such.

I mean, just spend time talking to cleaners. Um, I would, um, pull up to, um, like a weekend, two weeks into having to be there. I just would pull up to a house and just check in with the VAs and talk to them and, or not VA, sorry, pull up to the cleaners and just talk to them and go, Hey, how's it going? How are things going? Like, is L taking care of you? Is Alan taking care of you? Um, do you have any issues? Like just, there's a bit of a handoff there, um, that I would recommend you could just go, Hey, we're going to be in the chat.

Like it's basically like a group chat by having them in discord. Um, anything that you feel like isn't being handled properly. Like I go to the cleaner, I let the cleaner know, like VA is not going to be perfect.

Right. Or VA is, um, third world. They're helping us.

you can share that with them. Um, I didn't even share that with them except one cleaner that was like, kind of like didn't pick up on some things that I thought she was going to pick up on. Like it was a little weird.

And we had a VA that wasn't great in the beginning. And I was like, yeah, he's from a third world country. And she's like, Oh, that explains like that.

I understand that. Um, so like we didn't even offer that information except the one clean that was like, I don't know. His accents are a little weird or he says some weird stuff.

I'm like, well, it's cause of that. But, uh, just checking with the cleaners and just making it clear. Like, um, I'm, I'm not handing off the responsibility of making sure you're happy to the VA, just client communications and making sure cleaners are going well.

But like, you still have a, you can still message me. You can still let me know if anything's going wrong, if you feel like something needs to change. Um, but for the most part, you know, they're going to be our team lead and she'll ask a question.

She needs help. So kind of, you know, I'm, I'm in the best interest of the cleaner still. And they have communication, especially in the beginning.

But to be honest with you, I have not talked to a single cleaner for months, except for a cleaner reaching out and saying, Hey, I want to start my own business photography one day. Um, you're an entrepreneur. Can I meet with you and have coffee with her? Right.

Like I just haven't, haven't had any need to. Um, so yeah, on the communication side, like, Hey, here's, we're going to use discord as a messaging platform. It's going to be able to keep us in a group chat and without text messages, like turn notifications on, here's how it works.

So you're going to make sure that they have, you know, getting them on that platform. We didn't run into issues. Like they just follow the steps, the SOP, and they got on discord.

Um, and then making sure that one-to-one connection with the cleaner, if they have issues, they can reach out to you. Right. Um, but they won't, unless they have issues.

But, um, beyond that, as far as leadership with actual VA, um, we were really clear early on with the VA of, we understood with L we're like, we know you're not going to be perfect. We know that, um, you are like, we want you to be like, what are your goals? What are you looking to do? What's your life? What's your situation look like? Um, you want them to be part of the company. And we always are projecting a future with that person.

And that person is included in that future. Like we want to grow. And we want to be bigger and we want you to not just do what you're doing right now, but to then have a team under you one day of VAs that you're training and are able to take over what you're doing.

Um, we could expand to multiple locations, like whatever that looks like. And so just seeing like what they enjoy doing, what they don't prefer doing and being able to play into their strengths and letting them know, like, even though you might have a weakness, you might not enjoy cold calls. We might have you cold call.

It's just part of the job. And we're going to help you get better and train you and that sort of thing. But really it's just like the same thing you would do.

I almost treat them and, uh, respect them and honor them in a way that's as if they're a like equity partner. Like I give them that level of like buy-in to like decisions and thoughts and operationally, um, and just treating them like a partner really, you know, like your lead VA is you want to treat in that way. Cause then that way they feel like they own it.

When someone has input into a decision, they own that decision and they take responsibility for it. So that's just a bit of really just connecting. Where are you at? Where's your life? What have you done? What do you like doing? Like our VA, she just loves playing video games.

She's just like a nerd. Like she's just playing Roblox and stuff with her friends on the weekends. Like she doesn't really go out much.

Um, so she's always by the computer and she's like, I'm happy to work. I'm happy to work as much as I can because I want to be able to make money. And I want my family to make, do more and I want the business to grow and yada, yada.

So getting to know, just treat them like a person, getting to know like a person, they're an integral part of your team. You know, the support VA, not as much, like, I don't really know anything about the support VA because the main VA is like, that's our leader. So Eva is going to be your, you know, main VA and take that time to really know her, understand what's going on in her life.

Um, and how this works together for her and her future. So that's what I'd say there for, for leadership, but what are your thoughts on that? Were there, were there any like initial incentives to achieve this or is it just that starting connection first and then building from there? How do you kind of get there by end? Do you want to help grow the company? Yeah. Um, I'm ha I make it really clear.

I'm happy to pay you. I'm happy to pay you because the better you do, the more the business grows, the more the business grows, the more I can pay you and I'm happy to do it. I don't mind paying you like I would pay, like I don't mind paying you $10 an hour if we're at 35 40 K a month.

I'm really not to her. That's living rich. Like that is fat for her.

Right. So I'm happy to do that. And so, uh, for me to do that, that means that the business has to have the money to do that, which means the business has to grow.

And so projecting out two months, three months in the future, I also like doing little bumps pretty frequently where it's like, we're a month in like start $6 and we're a month in, you've been doing great. I'm going to, I'm gonna make that six 50 for you a month in. And like, I know I want to end up like seven, seven and a half.

And so like start six and like we want to constantly, and they're getting that, that dope mean hit. They're like, they're working towards that next, that next bump. Um, so we did that.

Um, we like to give bonuses like 40 bucks, 50 bucks, like for a bonus of like, like L one day, she just like close like five people or six people in a day on a weekend. And I was like, Hey, here's 80 bucks. Like you, you did awesome.

Like, no, I didn't tell, I didn't set a precedent. I was just like, you killed it. Like I want you to keep killing it.

Right. So, um, you can like, and this is what some other people do. Our VA didn't like it because she wanted to feel more steady, but we came up with some compensation, like incentives of, we're going to pay you a base rate for instance of like 200 a week.

And then per close, like per booking that you get, we'll give you an extra, we'll give you $10 a booking. And then per review that you get, we'll give you $10 a review, yada, yada. And you just kind of have to estimate what that would end up looking like on the bad side and on the good side for them.

And you can reward them for doing that. I, I do think that's a good way to do it. Yeah.

Yeah. Right. So like right now, like we're just not spending money on the PPC and the thumbtack for the next like three or four weeks.

It was incentive based. It's like, I'm kind of screwing her paycheck, you know? Right. Yeah.

Okay. That's very helpful. I think we'll get it.

Paul, go on either tomorrow or Friday. And then I think Monday. It's going to be, it's going to be no time.

Right. What does the first day look like with the VA? Yeah. I mean, I still treat it like, I mean, even though she's trained, like the specifics of your business, there's going to be logins.

There's going to be set up. There's going to be here's ours. I mean, for us, you know, like we didn't have someone that was trained.

We had someone that had some past experience, but like every VA that we've talked to that has come in and that has gone through things are like, this is the most clear setup. This is the easiest setup I've ever had. Things aren't everywhere.

I'm not having to check a million places. I'm not like, it's very clear. Like, what do I do daily? What am I supposed to do at the beginning of the day? Middle of the day, end of the day, what happens when X, Y, Z happens? Well, there's an SOP for that.

Right. And so in the beginning, it looks different now for us, but in the beginning of where you guys are, when we were first getting a VA onboarded, it looked like me going through and just doing everything the VA should be doing. And having the VA be there with me to do that thing.

And to go, does that make sense? Like I'm taking a call and having the VA listen and go, Hey, like, this is why I did that. Now he was listening to L do all those things. And even just, you would just book someone else today.

Pretty sure she booked someone today too. Yeah. Eva booked someone today from called in from GBP.

She booked someone yesterday as well. Nice. So, you know, just having, having them listen to you, do sales, give your thoughts on sales.

Like this really, I really do treat it like in the beginning, especially I do treat it like a mentorship and this is the way we do things. Right. Like Jacob, a friend like his business, like he is stone cold, hard seller objection.

And so his VAs are trained in that way. Right. And they take on the personality of how you train them.

So our VAs, you know, take on our personality and how we train them. And in the end we're, we're very customer centric service oriented process. And when it comes to sales, we ask a bunch of questions and we get curious and we lead the client down a path where it's like that.

Yeah, that does make sense to do. Yeah. I, I guess, yeah, I'll go ahead and do it.

You know, not like you're having to beat the customer overhead. So really that first day, that first week looks like have the VA follow you through the things that you're doing and make sure like, as I'm like, let's say I just booked someone. Then I go, everything I did there.

Do you understand why I did it this way? Cause you're booking quality looks different than my booking quality. So go, does that, does this make sense? Do you get that? Cool. Go ahead and do a booking for me and show me how you'd walk through this thing.

Let's do a role play real quick and let's go through this. Okay. So I'd almost go through like a checklist almost of like, okay, so you need to be calling the leads in the pipeline.

Let me watch you do that. And I've just sit and watch and listen and give feedback. If they have any questions, if they do things kind of like a inefficient way, then I'm gonna show, Hey, here's a more efficient way to do this.

So yeah, that's kind of what I do there is just like oversee and watch them do it after I've shown them how to do it. Of course, Eva has already been shown how to do it. So it's just showing her, you guys his way, but she has 90, 95% of the way there by doing it with us.

Great. Getting access to your SOPs, there might be something that differs company to company and how we would handle something. Is it possible to get access to that and kind of run through them? How does that process look? Yeah.

So it's kind of a new thing. So we just sell it through a brand of people. Now it's like, you guys are just going to get involved like with the VA.

What I did with respond is I just waited until the way to give the SOPs and two is like, I want to make sure like signing up for the, I'm going to stay on for 12 months at one 97. I was like, I'll give you the SOPs. Once you're like, I'm happy with the VA, I'm going to use the VA.

I'm ready. Cool. I'll give you the SOPs.

So, I mean, I don't see there being a problem with Eva just from the conversation I've had with L and Eva being great and L wanting to keep Eva. But Rashaan came back after a week and a half of having Kyle or two weeks of having Kyle and texted today and said, he said, we're not working together. We parted ways amicably earlier today due to things with lead flow and expectations made the most sense to reset.

Kyle is great. They were just hiccups with the lead flow. We enjoy, I enjoyed working with him.

I love his great attitude. The decision just makes sense until I fixed my lead flow. I was like, okay, like do you, is it the VA? Like do you need a different VA? Do you need, or is it like really a youth? And he says, it's important for me to figure out my lead engine first so that anyone who comes on board actually has work to do.

Cause right now Kyle was just like sitting there and not like having leads to be able to hit up. Cause he's a newer business. He's like, I raised my LSA budget to two 50 a week.

Leads have just dried up while working together. Kyle suggested I do thumbtack. So I did that.

Thumbtack didn't work out. And I paused thumbtack. So now I'm going back to the drawing board to revamp the lead strategy.

So I need to hammer that down first before having a VA come on board. So I don't like, you guys aren't going to run into that situation. So I don't mind like giving you guys SOPs now.

And like worst case scenario, you guys are like, Hey, like Eva, we're not happy with Mike. I'm like, okay, I got Kyle. I didn't use Kyle or just have another VA that comes up under us.

So I can share your SOPs with you guys. And just like you guys end up sticking with a VA and you guys just, you know, staying on for 12 months in the school group. But let me just, I gotta kind of find a way to like, I can show you what it looks like right now.

It's just a lot of our stuff is just genuinely like our name, our addresses, that sort of thing. But I can start to just take SOPs and give them to you guys. But like the main one, especially as this one, I actually put it in the logistics course today, but like what is happening every single day, right? Like you might have something different, but this is what the VA is trained on and making sure that these things happen, which is the core of the business.

And then everything is kind of situational. Like what happens on cancel? What happens to reclaim? What happens on a lockout? How do I get the cleaners on discord? How do we pay cleaners? All these things. So I'll give these to you guys.

And then you guys just obviously throw in the chat, GBT or whatever. And then this is going to look different for you guys as well. But the master operations manual is like everything in the business, like how everything works, like how to scheduling dispatch work in it.

It ties to the SOPs. Like what do we do? If it failed, hold failed payment, you know, we'll reference this SOP. This is how we do this SOP.

And here's what needs to be done here. So yeah, you guys will just take these out of them for yours. So yeah, we'll do that.

And then like some of the stuff like this one, like how to manage the go high level, like harvest serum sales pipeline. Like they're already trained on this, but like I have a video in here that was like, here's an hour long video of me going through and falling with every single person in the pipeline. This is exactly what you should be doing.

So, you know, some of that stuff may look different for you guys, but I mean, VA is going to be trained, but yeah, I'll send you guys these. I just need to like export them all PDF, give it to you guys and you can just chat to me too. I would create something like this or what currently happens in your business.

You can kind of copy ours and edit it. But ours is the actual flow of what's happening in the business. So like a lead comes in through Zapier.

It goes into harvest serum. We call the lead within 60 seconds. There's an immediate auto SMS and a seven day auto SMS followup.

Then they go into the new lead stage and we're calling them twice a day. We're texting them twice a day. Alex, can you pause there for a sec? Yeah.

On when the, when you get a Google lead in, we get an email with the form. Is that what you guys also get? And then the forms and put it into a harvest CRM. When you say a Google leader, you're talking about LSA or PPC, like a PPC web web form submission.

Yeah. So what we have is that a, in Zapier, and this is in the harvest serum setup. We have a Zapier automation that is taking a email and immediately, I'll just show it to you.

It's easier to show the next one. I think I tried to follow something. Yeah, but you do want the emails going immediately into the CRM.

So new quote, a new website lead to email. So when an email comes in from our website, like we have a WordPress website, we use like full forms. They fill out a form.

We get an email. This right here is looking for that email that comes in, which has this title. It runs like chat, GBT ran this thing of like just parsing.

It's like that email comes in and it looks like this new web form submitted. This is like a spam one new web form, TFC web form spam one. Okay.

So like this one comes in, someone reached out, filled out the form. What do we just put phone name and phone? So it comes in like this. And then this email it's a Zapier is scanning the email every two minutes to see if this, an email came in with this title.

Once it comes in, it takes this email and with this code, it just parses it. And then it sends a message in discord to say, Hey, there's a new lead. And then also creates that contact and harvest CRM.

And so like this, you guys should have this for if you have leads coming to your website, like you can do that. Now, the other way you could do it is by going into harvest CRM and having the, let's log in real quick. That's one way, right? Is that your website has a form and then it goes to your email.

And then Zapier is scanning the email. Then taking that, putting the go high level the other way. Gosh, it creates an opportunity.

So you get the notification or you just get the notification from discord. No, you get the notification and go high level as well. Discord.

I never really go into go high level. Like the VAs are like working in there and doing stuff. I'm looking at discord as an owner and going, what's happened today.

What leads do we get today? How were the queens today? What bookings did we get today? Did anyone cancel? I'm just going to log in here. So I share my screen here. Okay.

You could also go in here and do sites and then you can do a form and you could do a, like add a form here and it's just a very simple. Contact us form. But imagine I pick one, you can make it just look really simple and then you would just take this form, do the embed the code and then you copy the embed code.

You put it on the site and then instead of using, instead of the site sending to your email and then Zapier looking at email and then putting into, into harvest, you could just take this form from harvest, put it on the website. So when a lead fills out, it goes straight into harvest, whatever way you want to do it. Like we, yeah, both of them work.

It's just your preference. I think I didn't do it through here cause I was just like, I think it was just like, I couldn't have the text. I'm a design guy.

And so like the text, like when it popped up on the site, like the text was a different like font and the weight, I just wasn't like super stoked about that. And I was like, all right, like for design reasons, which I know is stupid, but like it isn't stupid to me and design reasons. I do this.

So that way it looks good. It goes to email and through Zapier. So, but I just chat to BT.

If you do, there's API, you literally just chat to me, see the like, Hey, I need this to happen. Fix this for me. It was like 20 minutes and it kept, I literally like would give it in, it would test it.

And then I'd go like, this was wrong. Fix this and give it the code back and then back and forth. Zapier and chat to BT until it gave me the right thing every time.

And I'm like, perfect. I think I'm good. Okay.

Got it. Okay. So that'll be my project for tonight.

Yeah. That's what I would do. I have the video.

Let me make sure. Do you have a video on it? No, it was hard to see the commands for some reason. The like, it makes it fuzzy.

The video made it fuzzy. I see. What's hard to see.

Upload leads. You see, if you're a connect, we can call a website. Yeah.

Yeah. But yeah, you're just, you just do on that. So just chat to BT.

Really? Cause it's going to be different website to website. What do you, what do you, what website do you use? We use a WordPress. Okay.

And what's your form builder. We use the same one you did. We tried WP forms and then we went with the other one.

I forget. Yeah. So you should be able to almost copy exactly what we have.

Let me go into my form setting. So I'm going to, I'm going to copy paste this into the chat. Just like, keep this like that.

Yeah. And then let me look at our actual fluent form settings. So you can like make sure that you're also getting the same input.

So that goes into Zapier. Yeah, it goes into Zapier and it's like running. Let me see.

I think it's running. It's literally code by Zapier and then run JavaScript and that's the code. And then.

Let me go to. So you can log in. To the website.

Get my full form. What that looks like. Forms contact form.

Okay. Contact form demo. Edit.

Okay. And this is what my. Form looks like.

I'll share my screen real quick and you can take a screenshot. So. See if there's any advanced options.

No, it's literally name, phone, optional message. And then it also sends these things, which is. These here.

So let me make sure there's nothing there. It's name attribute. Yeah.

So what I would do is. Let me see real quick. It's the email.

Yeah. You team campaign. Okay.

So this is what the email should look like when it comes through. Let me send this in the chat to. That UTM campaign.

That's showing you where the lead coming from. Yeah. So like that person that came in.

Here came from our GBP McKinney. You're able to see that based on. Like.

What is it? Sorry, what's the name of your business again? Take care of cleaning. Take care of cleaners. Yep.

Toronto. Okay. So right now, when someone hits the website from your Google business profile, I can see in the very bottom left corner.

I don't know if you guys can see that, but I can see it says take care of cleaners.com. And I know if I go here right now, that's just a. Blank URL. So you don't want that because when you go to your site, it's not very clear where it's coming from. What instead you want to do is you want to do a UTM campaign builder.

And instead of. Yeah. This is kind of a little bit more something.

I was going to ask. I don't know if it made sense. I didn't know if you'd.

Be able to help with this. We're going to be talking to our SEO shortly. Jack.

We rebuilt our form. For Google ads. Very similar to what.

Existed before with our previous guy. Campaign has remained the same. Spend has been the same.

You got a report back. And. It was something like.

I think. Eight. Something like eight days into the month.

We were on the previous form. Before we switched over. And the remainder of the month.

Was on the new form. And somewhere along that Jack implemented that pop up form. On our site.

Just a couple numbers. On the old form with the old Google manager. We received like nine.

Nine leads. And on for the remainder of the month. This is talking about the previous month.

For the remainder of the month. Excluding those eight days. We received two.

And. On Jack's pop up form. We received.

Thirty three. Form submissions. Which was like.

Nothing like we've ever seen before. And I'm worried that. We already checked to make sure that.

That pop up form. Pops up on every screen. Excluding.

The Google ads quote form page. I'm just worried that it's. It's just for in terms of.

Lead tracking. Obviously the increase of. Submissions is awesome.

But. Just for example. To get nine and eight.

I know things can be. Things can change. We got nine.

Eight days. Two in the remainder of the month. And then.

32 form submissions. Which is about. 30 more than we were.

Expecting. With that new form. I'm just worried that things are getting.

Caught up differently. I just checked all the numbers. And I wanted to bring that up.

Because we basically received. One Google ad form. Every 10 days.

This past. 30 day period. Yeah.

Which is slow. Slow. Slow down a lot.

And. We. But with that.

We added the form. On the regular website. So I'm just kind of thrown off.

What we're all. What's. Just doesn't make sense to me.

Yeah. I mean. We'd have to like.

Pull up numbers. Like I have to look at your. Like Google search console.

And like how many people actually. Went to the site. Do you guys.

So your Google form. Is it. In the same URL.

Or do you guys have a different. Like squeeze page or URL. What is it called again? It's a different.

It's a different URL. Okay. I'll pull it up right now.

Let's see. I'm trying to find it. You guys don't have a local business schema.

That's something you guys should definitely. Something I brought up. Yeah.

I mean. They said they added it. But.

Yeah. It's not there. That's like a big deal.

So they should do that ASAP. Okay. Yeah.

That needs to happen. Three months ago. I just talked to another lady.

She's paying $2,000 a month through SEO guy. And there's no local business schema. They don't even have the GBP on the page.

It's like what the heck. What are you paying for? Like it just blows my mind. Yeah.

A lot of it's scam. Like you said. It's just better to buy links.

We're going to spend two grand a month. Buy good pack links. Yeah.

And we're kind of forced to pay. Currently for Google ads. Just because.

We both work. None of us have the time to learn. And spend invest.

Like probably 40 hours. It would take to invest. To really get a good understanding.

Jack's talking about Google ads management. Yeah. I found the link.

It's takeyourcleaners.com slash quote request. Slash what? Quote request. Oh.

There you go Jack. Yeah. That's your answer.

That's what we got. Yeah. So I just said I'm really different.

Because we've gotten. An absolute absurd amount of. This.

This is broken. This button right here. You press it.

Nothing happens. Oh. Yeah.

Yeah. Nothing. Like they can go to the top of the page.

But yeah. They're literally. The people that are.

We want. We want them stuck on that page. Yeah.

But the thing is that this. Like you should press this. And then it should.

Jump you up. Does the other one work? No. None of them work.

What needs to happen is. This right here. This block.

This is CSS. Code. This block.

The identifier for this right here. This. Like thing needs to be.

That you should just tell what's broken. It should. They should be able to fix it.

I don't know if there's like a. I'm going to nerd out for two seconds. Because I want to see what the. Yeah.

The. Name of this is just not lined up. With the name of the.

Yeah. So they just need to copy the. Elementor.

That form right here. Just the CSS of that form. Has to.

Copy the thing. So yeah. I just need to tell them like.

Hey. That button's broken. And they'll.

They'll fix it. If they're the ones running that. I see on.

On March 4th. He sent me the. The local schema.

Information. He's going to implement. Yeah.

He just didn't. He didn't do it. I can look here.

But like this. Yeah. It's not anywhere.

So like. They did not put the local schema. Across the site.

Like. Like service area. Toronto.

I'm just looking at SEO stuff. You can't see like my pop up. So like.

It's missing a description. The title is pretty trash. There's no H1 on the page.

Like there's just like. It's not good. Like it needs to.

It needs to be fixed. So I would get them on that. If whoever is doing.

Website stuff. Like if you're paying them to do that. It's kind of like.

Hey guys. This was supposed to be set up. And you guys didn't set it up correctly.

Unfortunately. When. People just don't know.

Like they just don't have the knowledge. To like audit. What these.

Website companies and SEO companies do. But I'm just like. Yeah.

And I'm like. These are. Basic.

Step one. I am setting up a website. Technical SEO.

I need one H1. I need the rest of the H2s. Or H3s.

I need to have a local business schema. The description. And the title needs to be correct.

And we need to have the GBP on the page. Like that's like. Just very basic.

You guys are missing. A lot of that. So.

You're going to have a lot more people come in. Through your Google business profile. By.

Fixing. That. So.

Get on that. Because you guys have like a lot of reviews on your. Google business profile.

Do you not? Yeah. We have. 250.

Yeah. You guys are going to. Like just.

Freaking. Blow up. Even more.

With that. So just get that. Freaking.

Knocked out. Like that's like an ASAP thing. That's like a. Like the minute you guys do that.

You'll have more leads coming in through GBP. Like. Like a considerable amount more.

But just the local business schema. And those H1. On the service pages.

And the title. Yeah. Yeah.

Do you. Is it. The.

The guy that's doing your Google ads. Is also doing your. SEO stuff.

Or no. Yeah. We got a grant.

And it's a. Company. That's approved. By.

Google. So. The Ontario.

Whoever. Issued that grant. They have.

Companies. They've been great. Communication.

Anytime we've come to them. I guess. That was the schema.

Implementation. They've been. They have an.

Awesome response time. At any time. Of the day.

And. They are very helpful. We actually have a call.

Coming up. So. These are good things.

Pronounce. Word. Okay.

Here's what I'm going to do. Is I'm going to take the next. Like three minutes.

And just tell them everything. They do fix. And then you guys.

You're just going to take. This part of the recording. And give it to them.

And tell them. Hey guys. Can you go ahead and do this.

Cool. That's amazing. Cool.

All right. Let me take a pee. Before I do that.

Yeah. I think. You.

All right. Ready. Yeah.

Let's do it. It's probably going to be easier. If I record.

On OBS here. So that's what I'm going to do. And I'll see the OBS.

recording. So I don't have to cut down this long group meet video. Google meet video.

Okay. Video capture. Screen capture. 

Okay. Okay. Check check. 

Mic check one two. Check one two. Okay. 

All right. Okay. I'm just gonna do they do they also do the squeeze page for you guys? Is that also part of what they do? For PPC? Yeah. 

Okay. All right. And do you want the pop up to be? I wouldn't change it. 

I mean, pop ups working on that thing. But like, you could work. I think pop ups working great on the website is not on. 

I don't want it on that contact form, because I think that's how we're measuring how many people come from apps, right? Yeah. So we'll tell them to stop having that pop up show up as well. So okay, cool. 

All right, here we go. Jack, would you mind just you guys just my meeting for a bit because it's gonna distract me. Sorry. 

Good. All right. Here, and then we have the other page, which is okay. 

All right. Here we go. Hey, what's up, team? I love the website. 

It's freaking awesome. You guys have killed it. Honestly, I've seen a lot of cleaning websites. 

And this is genuinely one of my favorites. So you guys just done awesome. A couple things here that I just wanted to improve on, on the technical SEO side. 

First thing here that I want to go over is the here we've got the great title, great description, but we do not have right here, right? Like we want to fix this. The other thing we want to fix here too, is that everything in the frequently asked questions should be an H3. So we make sure those are H3 may need to restructure things that way. 

Obviously, there's some things we can improve here. So let's just get out, just get some of that stuff knocked out. The really big thing is that I want to see a local business schema here. 

We do not currently have a local business schema. So like chat, GPT, like make sure that that is connected to the Google business profile. That should be on every single page. 

So you can just put that schema code in the footer or in the header. That is really important, right? H1, H2, those things look good on this page, but on Toronto, for instance, once again, we do not have a good title and we do not have a description here. And we are also don't even have an H1 and we only have H2s and we don't have H3s that are specifically for Toronto's FAQs, right? Like customizing those responses to Toronto, which we need to do to make sure we are not, Google isn't classifying these as like gateway pages, right? And getting hurt for that. 

So I don't think that Toronto is the only one. I believe if I go and see the other ones, we have the same problem here. Okay. 

So let's, let's fix that. I'm gonna go into services real quick. I haven't looked at these and for these looks good here.

Headings, great headings look good. Once again, the FAQs should be FAQ is H2, but if all the actual like questions under FAQ should be H3s. Okay. 

And then once again, we are missing the local business schema, right? And we're missing like an offer catalog and those kinds of things that show what the service has to offer. So Google is not really clear on that. Second thing here that we want to look at is make sure we have the GVP on each of these pages. 

Yes, we do. Great job. This quote, this form is popping up on the squeeze page. 

Let's make sure that this is not popping up because this is how we're able to determine whether or not a lead is coming from PPC ads, which are going straight to here versus that form is only things on the main website. The other thing here is that request a quote that CSS class ID is not connected to the this section here. So it's probably like an element or thing. 

Just go in and change the CSS ID and make sure that when we press this button, that it's jumping back up to the top. Yeah, those are the things there. I would probably create a different footer here on that page because I can go and change like in going into the footer, I can get to the main page of the website, which is obviously not what we're trying to do. 

We're trying to keep everything on the squeeze page. So just duplicate the footer and then just remove or the service areas. You can just remove the clickability of this version of the footer on these just to make it easy for you. 

You don't need to like restructure all the design, just make these not clickable. Make sure you're doing this on both website and mobile. If you guys would like a, what I would recommend as far as how the local business schema should look and how in depth things should go. 

This is actually a website of ours that headings and all those things here, you can see the FAQs. If I go to a specific service area, the FAQs are going to be H3s, right? Like why first go with our cleaners, H3s, FAQs. We just only have two FAQs. 

All right. We actually need to improve there because I thought all of these were H3s, but that's what needs to be done there as far as headings. And then for the schema, like you could export our schema and give it to chat to be T, but just it's really clear that you guys need a local business schema, which I'm just going to jump down below. 

So you'll see our, I would be referencing organization and doing things this way, but local business schema for sure needs to be happening. And then the offer catalog of the cleaning services is really important that you guys are doing that. So let's make sure that gets done too. 

So you guys are killing it. Awesome. Just make those improvements and just take it to the next level. 

All right. I'll send you guys that screen recording. That's great. 

Thank you. Yeah, dude. Yeah. 

I enjoy being able to help like that because like, dude, yeah, that used to take me, I mean, I didn't know any of this stuff until I literally spent two months like just watching Jackie Chu and like a bunch of YouTube and just implementing it for us. And like every, literally every SEO company, except the one SEO company that I recommend to people. I haven't seen a single one do it right. 

Like the SEO correctly, the GBP stuff correctly, the website stuff correctly. Like there's always like, I don't own an SEO company. I talked to my, the one guy that I trust and that has an SEO company and doesn't write. 

He's like, Alex, you could start an SEO company and like pull the other ones out of the water and make a bunch of money. And I'm like, that sounds nice, but I'm already in six different things right now. So I can't start a freaking other thing. 

So what's that? How much did you charge? Or you say, who is he? Well, I guess both. Yeah. He's his name's Gitano. 

He charges, I think his bottom tier is like two grand to do things. But the thing is like, he doesn't even hardly work with cleaning businesses. To be honest, the one guy that I've referred from a cleaning business, he's already doing like 40 to 50K a month on average, like on his worst months. 

So he like works with just higher margin companies that because he does things right, it takes more time to do things right. And so he just works with people that can just throw money at it. And like, you know, a deal for them looks like a roofing company or a PPF kind of company, like they just have higher margins. 

So they're more easily able to spend the money there, but I can see his info, but really like, I just wouldn't do it. I wouldn't spend money there because it just doesn't make sense. Alex, you're breaking up for me. 

Can you talk again? No. Oh, you just started breaking up for me too. Is it better now? You sound good now.

You're breaking up again. I don't know. And it'll tell you everything to do to make it better for SEO. 

And then you can cross it again and say, make it better. Cross it again and say, make it better. And it'll run you through all the things, even the basic knowledge of the thing. 

The only issue is implementing it. So I wonder if it makes less sense to get an SEO person and more sense to have the tasks written out properly, and then just hire someone to implement those pages specifically on Fiverr or something, which is what we did for our neighborhood pages. I don't know if you can see those.

You scroll to the bottom of our site. It'll have some of the section that says some of the neighborhoods we service. Those pages I think are done really well.

Okay. Yeah. It kind of cut in and out of it, but I think you're at the general idea. 

Yeah. I mean, I think going into ChatGPT and having it give you what you should do on the page and then just having someone else implement it is good. I went and paid someone on Fiverr to have them do the stuff that I laid out for them, and they just didn't do it the way that I needed them to do it.

So unfortunately, every single time it comes to the website, I just need to go in, make the change, because I can take all the time and the money to pay someone, and it just doesn't get done the way that I need it to get done. So hence why I just make the videos and just tell people to do it themselves. So yeah, it's a route you could go. 

But really, the videos, and I know it's a jam-packed video in the school of 30 minutes of going through website and stuff, and that video, I just recorded for you guys. I sent to you through school, Jack. You guys go in and do that yourself, genuinely, and just ChatGPT and ask, okay, I need to change this. 

How do I change this? So that's the way I would go about it. But you guys don't really have too much that needs to change, but you definitely do have some key things that seem like it's not going to be a big deal, but it will drive results. So. 

Yeah. Okay. Well, you've been more than generous with your time. 

Thanks for sending me that over. And yeah, this is always really valuable and that people don't show up. So yeah, it worked out for me. 

Yeah. I'm glad it worked out for you guys. So good. 

Good to hear boys. Cool. Yeah. 

Keep me updated. Glad to see you guys growing. You continue to grow. 

I want to see, I want to run over you guys's numbers next time and just see like money in, money out. How's that? How's marketing doing? What's close rate? All those kinds of things. Just to get kind of like a health check and just see any areas that we could improve. 

Probably even look inside, go high level and make sure follow up on those things. We're going through the pipeline how we need to, to make sure we're closing the people that are in there. So heck yeah, that's what Eva's trained on. 

So it's going to be good, but yeah, let's do that. Tomorrow's the sales training or specifically, I'll probably even take a call from Eva, one of her recordings, but feel free if you want to bring a call, I'm just going to go over and how can we improve based on this call, objection handling or whatever it is. So that'll be tomorrow, 4 PM central. 

And then I am gone for the weekend. I'm going to go camping with Elijah and some friends. We're going to take some guns and just go out to Arkansas and just go shoot and camp for a couple of days. 

No internet and just get after it. It's going to be fun. Fun. 

All right. Enjoy it. Yeah. 

We'll see you tomorrow. All right. See you tomorrow.

Thanks. Bye. Thanks. 

Yep.