Wednesday we had two cleans, I guess tomorrow. Two cleans, it was a move-in clean and a standard clean following it. None of our cleaners were available that day or are available that day.

So, just kind of that- You had that going on tomorrow? That was going on tomorrow. We did manage to move the standard clean to Friday and the move-in move-out clean to Saturday. Okay.

So, it ended up working out, but just kind of showing that we don't have the cleaner liquidity that we need to kind of match these jobs. Yeah. So, got to be hiring every week.

Yes. So, we literally just brought someone else on board for that reason because we just have, we need more liquidity, we need to be able to just, you know, have backups for backups. And then, of course, creating backups for the backups at some point.

So, big thing, it's in the Labor Fundamentals course. So, if you get a classroom and then you go to Labor Fundamentals course and then there's actually a recording of me on the call, actually with Nicole here, finding a cleaner in the area. There's been many a time, I say many a time, it's probably been two times, where we had that situation happen.

We had a cleaner dropout, we needed someone for the next day or I was going to have to go do it in the beginning of the business. And we literally found a cleaner in the area and was like, hey, we need someone to go do this. Can you do it from going to Google Maps? And then they ended up being a recurring cleaner for us.

So, it's a great way to find people. Like I said, there's a video on that. But in Labor Fundamentals, it's like found a cleaner in 10 minutes or something like that.

So, got it. Okay. Yeah.

That's a great way to find people. We just found people through Indeed just recently. We do like a sponsor post.

I think we spent like 50 bucks or something and just got like 100 applicants. So, we just got one from there and we'll end up getting some more too. But yeah, we're about to go into growth season.

So, April, May, June, July, big time growth. You guys should double, if not triple. So, just need to be prepared for it on the cleaner side.

Okay. Good to know. Great.

Okay. Headwind. That was a headwind.

Highlight, weekly, autumn. Nicole? Headwind highlights. Yeah.

So, today I did a test clean with another girl. And then I did one yesterday as well. I liked the girl today a little bit better, but I think they're both good.

The one yesterday, a bit slow. I'm just very used to me being super fast. So, I think that kind of is hard.

Sometimes they're slow in my eyes when they're maybe really not. Um, and then I have a girl starting tomorrow on one of my clients, see how she does. And then I'm going to check in midway through to kind of see how everything is going as like a first time by herself.

And then if things go good by herself, then I can start giving her more cleans. Go closer to the end of the clean. Like.

Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Yeah. Because if you go midway through, you're not going to be able to figure out much.

If you go to the end of like when she's doing the walkthrough. Yeah. Do the walkthrough with her.

But yeah, great. Um, yeah. And then after that, I'm just going to make her sign.

Like, I'm going to wait for her to sign the W-9 just because like, if she's not end up, if she ends up not being good, I don't want to waste my time. So, I'm just going to wait how that clean goes and then have her sign it. Very good.

Yep. W-9 subcontract agreement and those things. There should be documents in the resources or whatever resources.

So, you can, you know, kind of use, mention ours and have chatGVT make it for your company. So, good job. Good to hear.

Yeah. I know finding cleaners is a struggle for you. So, okay.

Um, I'm going to kind of treat it a bit like have, like havesies. So, I can kind of go back and forth. But, um, Jack, where do you feel like you could use the most input? Like, what do you feel like would just, like, launch you guys forward if you got one problem solved? Um, the biggest operational pain point for me right now is making sure that cleaners update their schedules and when I assign a booking that they can do the booking.

Um, I think, uh, I just need to be stricter. This is probably an issue that's a lot easier to solve if you have employees instead of contractors. Um, but yeah, having your contractor maintain their updated availability, especially now as we're transitioning now, just have 12K booked already for March.

Let's go. Um, yeah. Um, so now it's really important that when we call people or when we receive calls, we're actually able to confirm on the phone that we can meet that date.

And if people aren't doing that or updating their availability, we can't confirm that. Um, one of the options I got in one of the comments I posted in the booking Koala group was that people typically ask for a few back, a couple backup dates if that can't happen. Um, on the call, I've never done that before.

I've always just been like, yeah, I can do it. I've never done that either. You should have good systems where that doesn't happen.

Right. If you have a cleaner that just constantly is making a problem for you, then, um, you know, it's not your cleaner. So operationally how you fix that.

So we send a text out every single Friday and we tell the cleaners update your availability and booking Koala for the upcoming week. We need to know your availability. So, um, yeah, you just send a text on Friday and then when you're smaller, kind of like you are, where it's like, I don't have backups and I don't, I definitely don't have backups for my backup cleaners.

Um, if you know, you kind of have some cleaners that are a little bit, um, squirrely in the beginning. Like I remember how to clean it was a bit squirrely and I had to call her on Fridays and like, what's your availability seriously? Because I need to know. And she also did cleans for like two other companies as well.

So there would be times where she had her availability set on Friday and then it's Tuesday. I'm trying to book her for a Thursday clean. I book her and she's like, Alex, I can't do that.

Right. So, um, another thing that we have done now at scale is, um, ask them on Friday. And then the minute that we book someone, um, we will message the cleaner and go like, Hey, you, your calendar is available.

Like you're booked for this. Like that's good. Right.

Um, so that's something we do. Um, something that the team has been implementing recently has been if there's multiple cleaners available, um, during that time, then we will message actually like all three cleaners or four cleaners that are available during that time and say, Hey, here's the details. Would you like to take the house? And basically whoever says yes, first gets that clean.

So that's really treating it like a contractor, but you kind of have to have a roster. And, uh, like we book with the client and say like, Hey, like there's available time. And then if there's multiple options, like leave it up to the cleaners and who wants to take that.

So, and that's done through discord is you're kind of like centralized hub for your cleaners as well. Okay. Yep.

I was wondering like, how much of like my client should I be giving to other people versus like maybe trying to find some new clients too? Because like, I think I obviously said like, you know, I can't just give away all my income right now. So I still need to clean some of them by myself because otherwise I'd be left with nothing. So should I be trying to find some new clients right now to, to give to these people? Because I can't be giving them all of my clients right now.

Obviously that is the goal within the next year or so, but currently right now, I'm not able to do that as I'd be, you know, my income would be cut in half for the week. Yeah. So there should be finding, I mean, as you find a cleaner that works then like time to take on more cleans.

So I don't know like how much marketing wise or budget wise you want to do for that. But if you just do Facebook groups, I know that's worked for you. So referrals, like honestly, the first thing I would do was I, is I would call each of your existing clients and say, Hey, I'm trying to take on more clients and I'm doing like a referral thing where if you refer someone, then you both get, you know, $30 or $40 off clean.

They'd get $40 off and you get $40 off your next clean if you refer someone to me. So I would call your existing clients, kind of check in, talk to them and just ask for a referral and say, Hey, do you know anyone that is looking for a clean? And then if they say no, it's like, Hey, well, I'm doing this referral thing. But that's what I would do to find clients immediately.

And then yeah, your Facebook groups, like just, I do like in the course that says Cleaning Biz Systems 101, I go into free versus paid marketing. And then this week, the Leads Fundamentals course, part one and part two is coming out. So part one is going to be on marketing.

Part two is going to be on sales. So there's going to be, there's like tons of videos. So another thing I had, chat duty kind of helped me up with like a text to my client.

I did have a little like pushback at first from, you know, somebody else going there, but then he, at first he was just like, I don't know if how I, how I feel comfortable like with someone else, you know? And I was like, I totally understand that. I was like, is it because you're worried, like they weren't, they won't do a good job or are you just worried with somebody new? Because I totally understand that. And he's like, Nope, nevermind.

Like we're all good for Wednesday. So like, I think I kind of just maybe put some faith into him, you know, about it. But I definitely think that that is going to be really hard for me compared to other cleaning businesses that don't already have established clients with a solo cleaner, you know? So that's, I think going to be my hardest part is getting these clients to trust other, other girls that do also a good job and, you know, things like that.

So, yeah, it'll be part of it. Having a real conversation with your clients is going to be important, but definitely the clients that are able to and are willing to. And, you know, you just start open to that, then assign the cleaner.

And then the ones that aren't, then those are the cleans that you keep for now, you know, and then find new ones until it just doesn't make sense for you to continue to do the ones that, you know, aren't willing to. You just kind of tell them like, Hey, I'm at a point where I'm growing this business and I have wonderful, like you kind of, you know, at some point, two, three, four months later, go, Hey, like, I can't do your home anymore. You know, like it has to be like, this is where I'm at.

And it's such exciting for me. And I can guarantee that you're going to be happy. And the girls are great, you know, that sort of thing.

So, yeah. And then the one girl that, you know, is supposed to be doing the house tomorrow, she was like, I really hope that, you know, you, I'm more trustworthy soon or whatever, because, you know, I'm going to Johnsburg with a town, maybe 20 minutes away from her for only X amount of dollars. And I was like, well, you know, at first it's going to be one claim to see how, you know, things are on your own.

Like, I can't just give you 10 houses right away, you know, like she has to understand that I have to slowly integrate her because that's just how it works. I mean, so I don't really know exactly maybe what to say to her about that to make her feel better about it. But like the better job she does, the more cleans I'm going to give her.

So yeah, just need to make sure you're doing a good job. You know, it'd be silly for me to make you, you know, the manager at Target, you know, right when you get started. It's like, yeah, you know, there's always like a testing period in the beginning.

So yeah, it's going to ramp up, you know, the amount of clients they get is going to ramp up. So yeah, exactly. I did have that commercial quote.

And she said on Friday, because I had followed up with her and she said, I'm waiting for my manager to approve, but he's on vacation right now. I'll get back to you. And I haven't heard from her yet, but I'm still maybe hoping that she reaches out.

Yeah, just reach back out in a couple days. Like, hey, just wanted to check in. Yeah, sounds good.

It's good. Jack, you cooking on something? Yeah, no, we, Alex, my business partner actually closed another cocktail bar today, which was great. And he's been doing great.

Honestly, like I've been so busy with work. He's really kind of stepped up and handled the entire operation side of things. And it's just great and a good reminder of how awesome it is to have a great business partner and that it literally can't be done for me alone as I'm working a job outside of cleaning.

I know, Nicole, it's probably different for you as you're in the industry. But for me, I'm constantly dealing with on calls all day with my team at work. And I couldn't pick up a single phone call, but he made sure he got to all of them.

And yeah, so now we have basically biweekly. We have two biweeklies at the restaurant. So two restaurants on a biweekly basis and then one restaurant four days a week.

So that's been good. Commercial has been great, too, because it's the same thing every time. It's a wonderful day.

Good question about that. How do you guys like? So I've always just done the, you know, the house cleaning like the houses, not like the commercials. Are you guys reaching out to them? So my business partner is a bartender and he has just been kind of socializing the idea of our company doing things.

He really did craft a decent pitch going into like meeting general managers of restaurants and being like, look, man, I've worked in bars. I was 18 years old. I know what the pain points are when you come in and open a restaurant and see something that's not done.

Like our company is there to fix that for your opening staff. And because we're in Toronto, like a lot of people do like a lot of restaurants do get cleaners nightly instead of having their staff clean. That's not a luxury.

A lot of restaurants have a lot. We'll just ask their closing crew to sweep and mop on the way out. But like these more, I guess, higher end bars or we'll get a daily clean.

So that's kind of where we thought there would be like a lot of repetition. We have a great cleaner who goes in. But really, it was just socializing the idea that we have a cleaning company and trying to tell everyone around us that got us to the restaurants wasn't like targeted SEO or anything like that.

It was just, hey, this is me. I work here. I've worked in restaurants.

I know what it's like when you open up a restaurant and it's not how it should be. My company solves that. So if you don't like your cleaners, let us know.

Well done. It'd be worth it to do instantly.ai and take that same very simple pitch and blast out instantly.ai will find your ideal person by saying, like, hey, I want to find bars or I want to find restaurants. And then it will like warm up the email, give you an email domain and then go and like you send an email and you can do like an email drip and all those kind of things through instantly.ai. But I would recommend that you guys do that because it's a great pitch.

And obviously, it's working and there's a need for it. And worst case scenario, you spend like 50 bucks sending out a bunch of emails. Best case scenario, you guys get some accounts.

So I think it'd be great. Why not? Sure. One other thing.

Sorry, Nicole. Jump in if you have a question. No, you're good.

Go for it. Sorry, I'm listening. Okay.

Alex, when did you guys know you needed a VA? Because it's kind of starting to become apparent that we do. I'm getting married in April. I'm going away for my wedding.

Alex is also coming. So we're like, thank you. The goal is right now to have something set up to a point where obviously not fully removed, but we're both going to be in Portugal for a week and our company still needs to run.

Yeah, absolutely. So what that looks like, like when do you need a VA? Right. It's a good question.

For us, it just depends on what your future looks like, right? And what your capability looks like. I know Desiree, she's nine to five. So she got a VA literally the day that she started because she couldn't take calls.

Rashawn also works a nine to five. So he got a VA the minute that he started. He had to do things.

So it just depends on your situation. If you know that our decision came because we knew that we were going to scale quickly and we are in other businesses. So we are just like, okay, we can't be the ones to take the calls, yada, yada.

So we got a new VA earlier on than most people would. Even though me and Elijah both had the time, it just came to a point of like, all right, like we're at, I think we were at like, I want to say 15K was when we were like, okay, that month closed at 15K. I was quite a bit of like, you know, answering calls, messaging people.

And then it came to, we're going to grow from here. And the first VA probably isn't going to be perfect. And we're going to have a bunch of kinks along the way.

So we should hammer that out ASAP. So let's go ahead and get a VA on and let's get these things figured out. Because we had our systems, we had CRM, like, you know, the Harvest CRM that we built out, all these things.

We had SOPs, we're using Notion. And it's like, we built the business with knowing we were going to have someone else operate it in mind. And so our SOPs and those things were dialed in and sales process and such.

So we got it earlier on, but really just depends on you. Some people start, you know, get a VA ASAP. Some people, I know a guy at 100K a month in Canada, and he doesn't have a VA.

And, but his, his things are very different. Like he does like all instant quote on website. He runs things just totally different.

And he works a full day, you know, but he still, he's able to manage it, you know, even 100K. So very different the way he does things. So it's up to you completely.

There's not a right or wrong. It's just where you're at. I mean, that sounds like I've created a second job.

Like there's eight hours of work here every day now. And we're at 12, well, just over 10K. So like, it's just like it needs to happen.

So like last weekend, we were just sat down and wrote out SOPs constantly. Obviously with ChatGPT's help and everything. But yeah, like really just kind of borrowing from any resource I could find.

Just trying to make sure that we can be ready for a VA. I just don't know how to go about even starting the process of finding one. Yeah.

So Facebook groups, book and call, that sort of thing. Putting out like onlinejobs.ph is one. My VA is funny enough.

We have one VA we just were recommending to a student because we brought them on part-time. Like I know people need VAs. So I was like, okay, like we have a full-time VA and then we need a second VA.

But we can train that second VA up, train them, make them good, and then place them somewhere and then bring on another VA. So literally today is the first day for a new VA. And then there's a third VA that's actually like in the calls, watching the training, learning.

Because if somebody like you guys need a VA, then they're trained on Harvest CRM. They're trained on sales process. They're trained on how we use Notion.

They're trained on all those things. So that's a option there. I just have to see, like I have talked to my main VA today and say like, hey, is that third person, you know, someone that could be trained up and placed somewhere in like two weeks.

As far as like money, pricing, how that works, we literally haven't thought any of that out. We'll probably have to do it to where it's like, okay, you have to be using Harvest CRM because, you know, the VA needs to be able to use a good system. Like the thing is, a lot of people blame VAs for bad results.

But in the end, it's because they have bad systems and just bad processes. So you probably do something where it's like an amount and you're getting a VA, but you're also getting like Notion SOPs. We've probably got like 40 or 50 SOPs with like master operating manuals and like all that kind of stuff.

So there's something there. We're figuring it out. But yeah, we'll just keep in touch for that.

But yeah, it'd be like a trained VA with SOPs and all that. So but onlinejobs.ph is where you can find one. You can look at Work is another one.

I don't really like that one. Some people really like it. But you gotta like pay just to be able to like message people and find people.

Fiverr, just go to Fiverr and just message a bunch of people and say, hey, I'm looking for a full-time VA to do X, Y, and Z. But you'll find people in Booking Quality Chat and onlinejobs.ph. Yeah, that sounds great. Yeah. I feel like the thing I'm, I don't know if he wants to say anything before we move on to the next thing.

No, I'd be interested to hear more about the training process you have with a VA and kind of what that looks in. If it's you guys bake in an hourly rate price on top of what they would charge or I have no idea. I don't know you guys have those prices.

Yeah. We don't want to run a whole another freaking, we got six different businesses right now that like work on like almost daily. So it's like, all right, then running a VA agency.

It's like, bro, like, no, it's just not even the juice isn't worth the squeeze either. But I don't know. We can do something.

We'll figure it out. Like, I don't even know right now. I think I'm just going to, it's going to be super cheap to, for Sean.

And like, if it doesn't work out with that VA, it's like, cool. Like, why don't we pay for something that didn't work out for you too? So yeah, I don't know. We'll figure it out.

Cool. Him talking just made me think of something. I just like, I feel like I'm just really struggling with like the main thing is like, for example, like I'm doing it just so wrong.

We're like every day I'm texting my client, like reminder for clean the night before, or what they'll ask what time I'm coming. And it's like, I get home from work and like, I already have to like text them. And it's just like, so overwhelming for me.

Like, I don't want to have to text them every day. You know, I thought I had turned on the Zenmade reminders for like their cleans. And then I asked one of my clients if they got it and they said no.

So I'm just feeling a little stressed out with that because I feel like, you know, when a client texts me during my clean, what time are you coming tomorrow? It's like, I don't, I don't know yet, you know? Yeah. So, I mean, when you're looking to scale, I don't know if it's appropriate for you right now, but when you're looking to scale and you start using systems, start using software, that's going to take care of those issues for you. So we don't deal with any of that.

We don't have people ask, hey, when are you coming? Like, not a single one. Like we had, I don't know, 30 clients this week or whatever. And not a single one.

I do want to scale and I'm, you know, kind of in the process of that, but I want to steer away from doing that. And I would rather just, you know, have to talk to them if need be, if there's an issue or something, but not texting reminder you for clean. And does this time work for you tomorrow? It's just getting to be too much.

When I come home, you know, and want to enjoy my evening, it's like I have to focus on something else. Yeah. That's business for you.

But I can show you, if I can follow real quick, that what we have set up for, where is it? I feel like it's contact. What are we going to see? Like what happens if you, let's say I have a clean schedule next Thursday and like, I want to move it or to a different day, would you just then personally text them? Uh, yeah. I mean, if you're going to move it, then yeah, you need to text them.

Um, but I don't know why it's taking so long to log in. There we go. Um, so we would move, I mean, just move it, but like you want to text someone before you move them, but the notifications being sent out.

Oh, so reminders. So they get a text. We have it set to 25 days before.

And then I think 24 hours before it might be 48 hours before, but I never have to deal with that because we just have text already going through. You just already have them like going at like a certain time, like every bi-weekly, like they're going to be there at one o'clock every two weeks. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's what you want to do. It's like, look at the calendar here. You look at the month.

And then in the app, it tells them like you could, they get to click when they're on their way right to the client. Yeah. Yeah.

So like, for instance, if we just look at, where's my boy, Robert. Okay. So Robert Estovil.

So he's weekly at Tuesday, 2 p.m. So then next week, it's just Tuesday, 2 p.m. And then the week after it's just Tuesday, 2 p.m. So when you create a booking, you just have like what the setting is put at of like, okay, is it weekly? Is it bi-weekly? Is it monthly? Or is this just a one time clean? So how do you know that? Like, let's say every two weeks, but like on another day, a clean falls. That's not every two weeks. So I might get done at a different time.

Yeah, you base it on your calendar. So for instance, when we're booking people, let me just go for the week. When we're booking people.

So this was the first week of February. I can see, I look at a specific provider. Let's look at Olivia's schedule.

So I just see Olivia has Wednesday afternoon available, has a squeeze, can squeeze in between Thursday late morning, and then has a Friday afternoon available. So then it's like, okay, next, you know, if we're looking at this upcoming week, she still has Friday available. You have your recurring, so let me find a recurring one.

Like Jason Coe here is a recurring weekly or bi-weekly. I think a lot of these are, but recurring or bi-weekly. And then we had that space for the morning here on Thursday with Carrie Cook.

But we just booked Carrie Cook there because she had, like, there was space there, right? So I don't just say like, when do you want me to clean your home? When Carrie Cook called in, we said, okay, when are you looking for the clean? Next week? Okay, do you have a day that you prefer? Okay, let me see what I have available. Okay, so I have Wednesday afternoon, or I have Tuesday morning or Tuesday afternoon, or I have Friday afternoon. Those are your options.

So you book them based on your availability. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. It's just sometimes a little confusing for me when, or if someone cancels, you know, last minute, and then it's like, okay, well, now I can go to the house earlier or later.

Yeah, you can just, you know, message clients based on your availability. You know, if something cancels, can I move this earlier or whatever? But yeah, that's how it works. You've been doing this lady for a freaking year, just weekly.

That's when I had to raise the price on it because she was kind of annoying. I was kind of hoping she canceled, but whatever, she stayed. How'd that conversation go? I think I have a guy I kind of need to raise price on.

Yeah, you have to actually know what it's worth to you. So I think before it was like very beginning of the business. We're doing it for like 90 bucks and she was just a bit annoying.

Our cleaner wasn't making enough money that we were happy with. And then we were just like, okay, at what price does this make sense to deal with this client and to clean this client's home? It does not make sense for me to do this home for less than $120. Okay, so I'm going to tell the client it's going to be, that's what the price table is going to raise to, unfortunately, based on the drive, based on availability, based on yada yada.

That's what we have to do. And look, I'm like, look, I totally understand if this is not going to work out for you. This is what we would have to do.

And so you have to be willing to go. They're like, no, I'm going to cancel if you tell me it's going to be more. And you have to go, man, I really hate to hear that.

We'd love to serve you as a customer and keep you. Is there anything, any way we can work this out? Well, if they're just like, well, can you do X amount? And you have to be like, unfortunately, you have to know your number. Genuinely, it has to be, you have to be like, I know that the number is this, right? So yeah, that's how that call went.

It was one of those, we love serving you, but we just can't do it the way that we have because we gave you a very heavily discounted rate. And as we've grown in availability and such, and unfortunately, you know. Yeah, I mean, it's confusing for our cleaners too sometimes, right? They go into a, whether it be a larger space and have less hours to just be profitable, like it's not fair to them.

So yeah, that makes perfect sense. Okay. I have a conversation with the cleaner as well.

It's another one too. It's like talk to the cleaner and be like, hey, so we're going to raise the prices for this client. Do you like this client? Do you want to do this client? How are you feeling about the pay? Sometimes, I think for this clean, we literally didn't change the cleaner's pay.

We just were charging more, so our margin was higher. But if you have a cleaner pay situation, then it's like, hey, and we've run into that before. Where it's like, we do the home for the first time.

It's a little bit dirtier than expected. They got kids, a little bit cluttered. And it's like, this home took longer than expected.

If we're going to do this home, it needs to charge more. So then we call the client after the first cleaner, like, hey, so based on your home, it's going to be this much. I'm not going to change the price on you for this clean.

But to go forward, this is what it would be. Yeah, yeah, no, that's completely fair and reasonable. Yeah, just be human.

Quick random thought I was thinking about. Do you ever have an issue with like, you know, because I was thinking about doing the Novo, which is the online, but I think I'm going to run into issues with that, the bank or checking account, because I have a feeling that I'm going to need people are going to want to pay cash or people are going to want to pay with check. And then I'm going to have to bring it to the bank.

Like, how do you go about people like, oh, like I want to pay cash or whatever. Yeah, it's really rare. We only have like clients that are grandfathered in that are able to do that and that have been really reliable with that.

But we don't do cash or check now. But Novo, do you just say that you don't accept that then today? Yeah. You know, a doctor's office like you can't I mean, cash check is a little bit different, but like Zelle, like you can't so you can deposit a check with Novo.

You can't accept direct cash, but you can convert cash to a money order. But yeah, I should stick with the Novo. Or do you think I should open like a chase checking or something? I would use something as though personally, like that's that's what I would do.

The percentage of thing in Novo is great, but you lose the ability to use L and you lose the ability to put cash. Yeah. So maybe do like a chase or something near me.

What was the other one you were saying you did? We do PNC, but we also have a chase account as well. OK, which do you like better? I don't have one that I like better. They both serve the same function.

So OK, yeah. Yeah, and I was going I think I had talked to you about I was redoing my Google business listing because of how mine just like disappeared and I'm just like restarting it and it's asking for like a video of me with my supplies and like my like work environment. Like is that like do I just take a video in somebody's house with my supplies? Like I don't I don't really know what to do for that for the verification.

Yeah, there's a if you just look up on YouTube, there's there's like two minutes. They're like, here's what you need to do. You need to go to street street sign.

You do this. You do that. So that's how you do that.

What I would recommend you do is what is in the course, which is the GBP profile setup course and then also in the free resources and many courses. There's one there on under marketing for your Google business profile. I go through that.

But the Google business profile like setup and growth course has stuff there where you do a location in your area because you're going to get more clients that way instead of doing the other option, which is a service area, which is what they're asking you to verify for. But you can just get verified with service area like ASAP by just following a YouTube video. It's like service area, you know, Google business profile verification.

They'll walk you through it. Okay. Thought I'd come on cam.

Alex, I couldn't leave you alone. I just had a question regarding automations for the morning. I was thinking about this over the weekend using Zapier to pull booking quality data for the morning of the clean to my cleaners.

Send that like just sending them the wrote it out here. Highlight the address, time, type of clean, customer notes, add-ons, and then await there confirmed by 8 a.m. If I don't hear confirmed from them, it would like warrant a call. I don't know if you guys have anything like that to kind of keep track of your cleaners and make sure that everyone is showing up to jobs or kind of keep a tab on them.

I imagine this is more of a, if you're running into a reliability issue per se on certain cleaners, which could potentially just wean them out fairly quick and not need this. Yeah, you're building a system for a problem, not for scale or for a good solution. So you just got a good cleaner goes, I know my schedule.

I know that I'm going to clean tomorrow at 10 a.m. I know that I'm going to be there because this is my job. And I know the app where I can find the details. Yeah.

So it's very, it's very simple. Like don't don't build an entire system because of one cleaners problem. And yeah, just make sure they know how to use booking quality.

Like we when we onboard people, it's like, here's how to use it. Here's what to do. Yeah.

And people that have never used it before would get on board and start using it within two days and they were all good. Right. Okay.

Yeah. If you have a reliability problem, then you need to find a better cleaner. Sure.

Yeah. Look, and I get it. Like in the beginning, we worked like we had a cleaner up until we're about 15 K. That was, I mean, she was in a domestic situation.

She had, you know, like five kids is like really sucky situation, but she was a very kind lady, love Jesus. And we just, we just did everything we could to make things work with her and just worked with her even though she gave us issues. But at some point it ended up being mutual because she ended up finding a job that worked better for her.

Somewhere was just more, you know, just like a nine to five that she was able to work out. So like, you know, but we were at the point of like, we can't keep having to move people or we can't keep like not knowing if someone's really going to show up and do a clean. So yeah, you gotta get rid of that.

Yeah, it's funny you say that it's similarly in an empathetic situation. She's like going through health issues and has certain appointments that come up and it's difficult to move her health appointments around. So she's like, sorry, like I know I've agreed to this clean this day, but my two appointments are back to back these days.

And I'm like, we'll try and make our way through it with you. Like, I know there's an end to this, an end date to this that persists past that. I guess that's when it becomes an issue worth terminating over.

But yeah. Yeah, I mean, as long as she's because like, you don't have like an appointment that shows up in like two days, you know what I mean? So like, she just needs to be aware of like, what's going on this week? What's you know, Friday for the week ahead? What's the schedule? You know, like that has to be that has to be sorted out. So yeah, I could get it.

And we were really empathetic with her. I remember one time she cried and told me or I literally she told me what was going on. She was literally like, didn't have a phone for a day, because her phone was broken and angered by her partner.

And literally, the police got called all this stuff. And she called me. So I was like, Where is she? Like, she did not come to a clean like she didn't.

And she called me and told me what was going on. I was literally just crying on the phone with her and just praying. It was just like, you know, like, have a big heart, you know, so don't lose your heart.

But at the same time, like, I'm more easily able to make business decisions that make the most sense for the business. The further I am separated from the business, like yesterday, like we brought a new VM board. Like yesterday, I literally messaged her or dropped a voicemail to a part time VA is like, Hey, we're probably gonna use you for other stuff.

But we can't use for this anymore. Just because it just doesn't make sense. I want to put you somewhere else.

Yeah, data. So just don't caulk in tomorrow. And we're gonna have like, we'll have a conversation about tomorrow.

And the first time we had to fire our first VA, after two months of trying, really trying to make it work. Dude, I was like, so sad, like an hour long call. And it was like, really tough.

And like having that conversation and all those things. So don't like lose your heart. But like, but make sure that your heart and business are aligned.

And like, in the end, like you're gonna make decisions that you're gonna make. And it's gonna be different from other people. But and you should consider what you're in business for, you know, there's some people that like, they would have stayed with that lady for, you know, forever, because they feel like the point of business is not to make as much money as possible.

But to be able to help people and be connected with their team. And, you know, so I can't tell you what's right for you, what's best for you. But you know, I can tell you what is best for the business.

And just kind of have to, you know, balance that out with what you feel like is right in this situation. Got it. Yeah.

It's a tough one. It's a tougher one, especially when you're more connected. But yeah.

What else you got, Jack, Nicole? I think I just like really need to walk in and do finish the Google business listing. And I just like really need to get those SMSs so I can just stop texting the clients. Because that's just really stressing me out having to message them every night and, you know, re-plan stuff.

So when people reach out asking for like a quote, do you just give them a quote based on their square foot? And then you schedule a claim with them, then you don't talk to them again unless they have any questions? Are pricing and those things are in? No. So what we do is a client comes in, like a lead comes in. We call the lead.

We talk to the lead. We do everything we can to get the lead on the phone. We have an automatic text, automatic email, all that in the CRM.

So that's our one system that handles all of our clients, all of our texts and everything. There's automatic text and stuff there. So how do I how do I get into that automatic text thing? Yeah, so that's it just depends on where you're at.

Right. So the system that we use is $197 a month. And then the Booking Koala, you know, it's like the $47 or whatever, you know, you use VitsynMaid, but it might not be.

It's more so for being able to handle a bunch of leads coming in and keeping track of where each lead is before they become a sale. Where you're at, it might make more sense for you to just set up the reminders in ZenMaid and just make sure people get reminders so you don't have to deal with that. If you do feel like, OK, like $197 to not have to make sure I'm always at my phone, like Jack just started using it.

But Jack's in a very different situation where he's having leads come in often. He's having to manage all things all at once. Talk to every single cleaner, every single client.

So there's I haven't made a video like on it yet, but it's the Harvest CRM thing that's in the module. So I guess if you wanted to go and look at what is Harvest CRM in the classroom, like one of those modules there. But I don't have like a overall breakdown.

I think I think it's just kind of like a detailed step by step for people that are already using it. So I don't think it makes sense for you right now. I think the ZenMaid notifications is what makes sense.

I guess I just feel like I've been doing this for so long that I just feel like so behind and like wonder how people like learned how to do all of like the business aspect of like, you know, not like all the Google stuff and like all that type of thing. But sometimes I just feel like I'm so behind with like, you know, not at all. There's people that are 40, 50 years old that are that are starting a business for the first time.

Like, this is the only have you have you ever owned any other business or started any other business? No, this is my first time. OK, Jack, when you were starting a cleaning business, were you in entrepreneurship, learning any of those things? My first two failed. Yeah.

OK, so for perspective, Nicole, I'm 24. I dropped out of high school when I was 17 because and I had multiple visits to high school. All of them failed except one.

I dropped out of school when I was 17 because the business I was in was working. I've consulted for and worked inside of. At least by now, probably 30 businesses, some of them doing over 100 million a month, I just got off calls with the guys that are making six figures a month and going, hey, can you fix this stuff for us? Hedge funds like private equity, like capital raisers, and then also small mom and pops that are like just starting their gym business or just need a little website.

I've built websites for twelve thousand dollars and I've built websites for two hundred dollars. I've consulted and charged twenty thousand dollars a month and three hundred dollars for an hour. And I've been at places where I was just like, hey, I'll just jump on and help you for free.

Right. So don't feel like like it's not even it doesn't make sense to compare yourself. Number one, just in general comparison isn't going to help you.

And number two, it's literally not even it doesn't make sense to you. It's like me comparing myself to like one of the people like I just I started rock climbing, you know, it'd be like me watching the rock climbing Olympics and going like, man, like, why are they so good? Like, how do they get there? It's like, well, because they've done it for so long, you know, like I just started. This is your first business and you're not even now you're really starting to treat it like a business instead of, you know, I'm cleaning and this is kind of a kind of a business.

And I mean, I am a business, you know, but there's a difference between that and like, you know, me managing and training, you know, 10 person teams and doing that. So it's a lot of me knowing and learning from other businesses. And that's why we've been able to do what we have and why I'm happy to take all the knowledge I have from all the different areas and be able to condense it into like, how do you grow a cleaning business? Because it's, you know, it's fairly simple for me, right? Not necessarily for everyone, but because I've been in so many more complex things.

So Jack, do you have anything to add on that? Yeah, no, I thought you laid it out pretty well. I think it starts to really, once you remove yourself from the labor and start working on the actual business side of things, it's probably feels like so much for you right now, Nicole, because you're also cleaning. And like, this is what you have to do.

This is what you have to do when you're home on top of following up with people and on top of answering new customers or answering whatever texts you have to do to make sure they're coordinated and home for you at a certain time when you're arriving. Like it probably by the time you finish your job and then finish making sure that your jobs for tomorrow and the next day are aligned, the last thing you probably want to do is try and figure out what a WordPress website and do a Google business profile optimization and SEO. So like if your time could somehow and it starts like this for everyone, like every single person is their business and their first fit.

But if you could somehow take like a couple hours or the weekends, the momentum does kind of swing pretty quick. Like when you're starting to get leads and you're starting to stop jobs, like it almost makes more sense to be by your phone than being out on a clean if you're making, you know, margins on the screen. Yeah, I feel like it's going to make more sense for me once things are just already flowing and once I get my first foot in the door, I think is more not the first foot in the door.

But you know what I mean? Like once I just get more flowing of how to do those types of things will make more sense to me. But I think right now just seems like a lot just because it's not that I don't want to do the work. It's just I don't necessarily know exactly what to do.

Right. The learning curve is definitely like it's going to be insane. I mean, Alex in the Faithful Cleaners and Elijah, like that's a statistical anomaly, getting to 30K and under a year of recurring revenue.

But they've kind of outlined how they did that. It's just from prior failures. And Alex said he watched Grinded YouTube and watched how to set up business like a Google business profile.

Like you don't have time for that right now. Like, let's be real. So that's like one of those things, I guess, like trying to find a community and utilizes resources where they filter all the BS out.

Like I've worked with an SEO and Google Ads guy who I should have never, ever worked with. And I paid probably six or seven thousand dollars for that. And it didn't really get me too far as opposed to just watching maybe a video from that was in here that could have saved me all of that.

So I think you're in the right place because they provide a good filter as to what works and what doesn't and their business is a testament to it. So what I'm doing is I'm trying to mirror their business just in Toronto. That's why I'm in this group and try and get on these calls with Alex and try and honestly mirror their system.

But yeah, no, it's really difficult and business is really hard. Like it's way harder than working a job. Yeah, definitely.

And I think the reward is definitely worth it for sure. I just, you know, I think it's just hard being at the beginning a little bit. I mean, I've been in business three years, but I've just not been doing it how I should be, if that makes sense.

Like the fact that I still haven't, you know, integrated a business account and stuff is just like so bad. And I think it's just not even the me not exactly knowing. It's just, I mean, maybe not knowing, but also in a fact of like thinking I need every little bit of money and not, if that makes sense and not putting it away for other things in the business.

Yeah, yeah. You're where you are, you know, and it's like one of the guys I look up to said this, but when you got into this going, I want to scale this, I want to grow, I want to really make this business big, like you knew it was going to be hard, right? Like it wasn't going to be easy peasy. It's like, there's going to be difficult, like some hard times.

And right now, this is just what the hard time feels like. I'm like, man, it seems like there's a lot to learn and there's a lot to do and I need to learn like the groundwork. And so this right now, what you're going through is exactly what you signed up for, which is, you know, this is going to be a bit hard and you're feeling the hard right now.

So don't like get down on yourself about it. Like it's hard. I still do hard things, you know, every day.

So this is what hard feels like. So just kind of reframe of like, yes, it's hard and like, okay, like I got to do the hard things and you're going to grow and you're going to learn through it. So yeah, a lot of great points, Jack.

Yeah, and like I said, like just rely on the group, rely on getting on these calls. I really not to, not to try to like prop myself up, but like an Elijah up, like there's really not anything out there like this group where you get access like you do where it's just like, hey, there's two people on this call, you know, for and with what we've been able to do, like it's just, it costs an absorbent amount of money. Like I paid $6,000 for a course and the guy was basically where we are at today, where he's like at 30K a month and didn't give me anywhere near close to what we try to provide to the group and definitely not the one-on-one access and those kinds of things.

So just use the group, you know, it's what, what people are here for. Not just me, but like Elijah and just other people in the group as well. Jack, Courtney, Rick, Rashawn, a lot of these guys are, and girls are happy to help.

So yeah, use it. I mean, it's what you're here for. It's what you're paying for.

So use it as much as you can, as you can. But also consider like your, where you're at in life is very different too. So like I'm, I don't have a spouse.

Like you literally have a whole husband. You have a whole house to take care of, like a whole, you know, mini family that's going to grow. And like, there's so many things that come with that.

Like I got to wake up this morning at 540 and get stuck in traffic for two hours with Elijah and work until now. And we'll probably continue to work until 7 PM. There's days that I wake up at 630.

I get to the office at seven after slamming a protein shake. I have a little lunch at like noon and then I'm in the office until like 11 PM. Like, and it's a full on like 14 hour day.

You really do not have that time. So like to compare, like once again, just comparing yourself to others. Like it's a totally different situation, right? Like Desiree is working a nine to five.

She's got a wife. She's got a husband. She's got kids.

Like she, like her available time is so much less than someone like me. So if you put her and I to go both start something new, like I'm just going to go way further, way faster because of my past experience and because I just have more time, you know, and I can take on more risk, you know, like I have nothing to lose. I don't have a family to provide for.

I don't have to, I don't have time obligations. You know, I like have almost no life. I think last week, like I went rock climbing once and I went and played disc golf during the weekend.

Like I didn't like hang out with friends during the week. Like I didn't have like a, you know, it's just what it is. Whereas some, you don't need to do that.

Like that's, that's not a need. I choose to do that and I'm happy to do it because I know where I'm going to end up, but you don't need to do that. Right? Like Jack doesn't need to be doing what he's doing.

He just work at Deloitte. He's got a great job. He's got a great like life set up.

He's going to get married. But he's choosing the hard route because it's going to pay off, but is there a sacrifice? So it's going to feel hard. It's going to feel like there's some sacrifice.

You know, but, um, and the end, like you can see it's, it's worth it. So don't beat yourself up. Don't feel like you're behind.

You're not behind. That's a lie. Really? Like you're just not, there is no behind.

There's nowhere you should be. There's nowhere you should be right now. Nicole, like you, you are right where you are.

So if you start kind of getting down yourself and you're already behind, well, when you're behind you, then you start, well, I'm already behind you. You stay behind and you feel behind. It's like, you're not like, this is not true.

So you just got to kind of reframe that a little bit. Yeah. Thank you.

Yeah. A lot of it's down to mindset. Like business has a sneaky way of being a roundabout way.

I'm sure Jackie's seen this roundabout way of being self-development of like, um, if the business is so dependent on you and your mindset and how you operate, then it's important that you have the right mindset. You're operating the right way. And then it's going to come out in business.

So like, don't let that sneak into your head because it's going to hurt your, it's going to hurt you one, but it's going to hurt your business too. So don't, don't literally, I don't want to hear that. This is not a, it's not true.

Number one. And it's also not healthy. Number two, for you or the business.

What do you think? Um, my next like step should be, should it to be focusing on the Google or like, what should I like, or should I think I should focus on like opening the Chase account, um, instead of the Novo? Yeah. I put down a list and put down what to do is on the list. And then you just evaluate what you feel like is most important for your business to grow.

So what I think from what you've said is, um, go schedule a time to go into a Chase account and go set up an account. Number one, number two, shoot your Google business profile video, go watch the YouTube video, go get that done. And then number three, go and call your existing clients and see if you can get referrals.

See if they can just send anyone. And then four, go start looking for more clients. Like how you initially did to get, just get more clients and then start scheduling those cleaners.

Like that's your, you don't need a bunch of softwares. You don't need a whole like SOPs and all that, like where you're at. Like those are the most important things.

Get that profile up, get Chase going, call existing customers to find more cleanings and then go, go start hunting for more cleanings. However you did before. When do you think I should start charging like for cards? Since I already have it set up with Novo, I'm going to have to figure out how to set up Stripe with the Chase account then.

Yeah, it's better to charge with cards. Um, so just whenever, but don't, don't like put 10 things on your plate. Like you have, you have things to do right now.

So just go do those things first and then come back on the next call and go like, I got those things done. You know, like don't, don't throw 10 things at yourself. You know, you might have 50 things to do, but don't treat it that way.

Like go like, I have three things to do. I'll get to the other stuff later, but right now I got three things to do. This is it, right? Because nobody can do a hundred things at once, but everyone can do one thing.

So go do one thing. So was the video I was talking about for the verification, the wrong thing? Like, was I setting up the wrong thing? No, that's the right thing. Um, that's what I would do right now where you're at, um, to shoot that video.

And then you can watch the free marketing course thing in the, uh, Google business profile set up thing. But like, it, it just, it's not a big deal right now, like to go and do all that. Like I would just go shoot your video for YouTube.

No, Jack, what do you got? No, that's it. That was a really good call. Um, got a lot out of it.

And, uh, yeah, no, that's it for me. I got to do my A2P. I got to work on watching a video, a YouTube video about how to get that form going.

Are you on WordPress or what are you using for your website? I'm using WordPress. Yeah. Okay.

So WordPress has like Jetpack, just chat to me, but make a form of WordPress. It's going to be like Jetpack or something. And then, um, you can also just like really embed go high level form.

It's in Harvest CRM. If you go to forms, there's like a form there. You can like hit embed, like copy the HTML code, put it into the website.

That's another way we use fluent forms, which is a WordPress plugin. So fluent form. Um, and then you literally, it's like, you like create new form.

I think the one that we did is paid. Yeah. I don't know how much it is, but there's free ones.

So just like find a free one and just throw it up real quick. But yeah, just chat to me, like, Hey, walk me through the steps of WordPress. Here's what I'm seeing.

Like you should be able to knock it out in like 30 minutes. Okay. I'm going to try my best to get this done right now.

Yeah. If you need help on that, let me know. But like you should be able to knock that out.

But once you're actually doing ATP approval and you're like, Hey, I have a question about this. Cool. But the video is pretty, it's pretty comprehensive or the things are pretty comprehensive.

So, but like I'm here. You had posted a 1099 agreement, I think in the group. Is that correct? To kind of get for me to get an idea of, I think I already have one that I, I just need to tweak it a little bit.

Yeah. Nicole, one thing to Alex's previous point, I also have like my relationship. My work is really demanding right now.

I'm in busy season. So I'm typically working between 10 to 12 hours a day at work and still try to have to make time for my fiance. So one thing I've done is just block out certain points of days for certain things.

Like my Saturday morning would be like 11 a.m. till 1 p.m. I'm working on this thing. And then I would actually be able to sit down and tell myself because I knew that was coming all week, be able to like focus on that for two hours. So if that's your Google business profile getting verified, like I would book off that time and like make that time your time for that.

Yeah. Time blocking is a good, good way to do it. All right, guys, I'm going to jump off.

Jack, I'm glad that you're here. Nicole, I'm glad that you're here. Yeah.

Nice to meet you, Nicole. You as well. Okay.

All right. Keep going, guys. All right.

Bye bye. Bye now. Thanks.