One hour and a half to two hours. The other one pays us $265 per week, but that's only one day, and we're there for three hours. But then we go there for Friday, and we're only there for a half an hour to do trash.

Oh, wow, OK. And I only send one person. She loves it.

And then the other one we do is, yeah, the school. And the school takes about three hours. I try to make sure everything lasts about three hours, max three hours and 15 minutes.

If it's anything longer than that, it's not worth it, margin-wise, for us. Amen. Do you just send, you said you send one person? Yeah, one person.

Nice, OK. Yeah, it doesn't burn her out, and it's consistent money for her every week. Yep, I just hired a single mom.

She's getting paid $80 a day to do the office building for three days a week. And that helps me a lot, too, because then I don't have to go to Arlington every single evening, which is like a 45-minute drive from where I'm at. Oh, then that's great.

So she's already helping you, already an investor. Yes. I'm wondering, though, if I should subcontract her or put her on a W-2.

We haven't decided that yet. Subcontract. Subcontract, OK.

And then once I'm maybe I'm making more profit, then start the W-2s. You probably want to have some money saved before you go to W-2s. That was my sticker shocker when I switched one girl over.

I was like, wow, that's a huge difference. Yeah, OK. Yeah, you have to pay for health insurance and stuff, right? Mm-mm, not immediately, no.

I would like to do that. I would like to do that, but not yet. I'm saying the only thing God knows, because you want to take out insurance on top of the taxes.

That's a lot. Yeah. And then here, they get taxed again if they live in Philadelphia.

The business gets taxed again, and so does the employee. Oh, my goodness. That's not good.

Yeah, it's my favorite story. Taxes are so silly. Yeah.

OK, let's just do headwinds and highlights and just run it like a coaching thing so it gives me things to work on. Keeley, I also on Lionsden. I don't know if I can do that, because I just had a conversation with a mentor, and they're going to bring like six people for Lionsden.

I got them to sign up, but I'm like, I'll probably end up spending time with them instead of being behind the camera. That's fine. I know that's like, I'm changing my mind there, but I got to pull out of that.

Dude, that's totally fine. You do what you need to do. But I will see you there, and that's great.

Yes, that's exciting. You'll get to see Teddy, too. He'll be helping me.

Oh, let's go. I love Teddy. He's a good guy.

Same. OK, we're going to do headwinds and highlights. It's kind of how we start calls, Keeley, where we go.

Headwind is what are you facing difficulty with, what's like pushing against you, right, going into the wind, and it's making it more tough. And then highlights, so just like something that was like super awesome that you're really stoked about. That's a highlight.

So Courtney, if you want to go first, headwind and highlights and then we'll go over just whatever you guys bring up. I'm going to go with highlights because it leads into my headwind. So we're 1,500 away from making 20K.

What was the top before, 16.5? Yes. No freaking way. Come on.

In one month. In one freaking month. You know how crazy that is? That's insane.

Only 1,500 away. 15. And you know what pissed me off? Here's my headwind.

So we're going through interview process or whatever, right? Because the reason we got a sale today and I had to say no, because the day he won, well, first off, it's good because I put him for May. I really wanted him for April. But it's because of labor, labor.

So I am doing interviews, but the headwind is still there. It's labor. When I hire, I'm dominating.

That's it. Why haven't you hired? What's stopping you? I'm doing interviews and they are horrible. Really? Okay.

I've been in this long enough to know that no, you can't bring them on. Yes. Am I desperate to hire? Of course.

But they won't translate what I need them to. They won't give me the quality that we need right now. Not even cleaning wise.

Cleaning can be taught. It's the customer service behind it, like you said. Is there any way you can hide some people that aren't the most friendliest behind just doing commercial where no one sees them or no? No.

They will be in the house. If it was a deep clean where I know the person wasn't going to be home or a move in, move out, people aren't home, then I would have thought about it. But it's not like that.

You run your business, all one people clean. You don't do more than 2,500 square foot. Is that right? That's correct.

We do have only a handful that are like 3,000, 3,200, but that's a handful. So you might benefit from running two people and having the less impressing one be the support cleaner. And so that way, both of those cleaners can get through either two really big houses in a day, or they can run through three or four houses.

So that way you don't have one new cleaner that you're just sending alone. It's like now they're typically going to be paired up as a pair. Oh, that's what I was going to do.

As soon as they get hired, they're going with one of my girls. I'm not sending them alone yet. Okay, I see.

Yeah, because we had some cleaners. I can think of a cleaner that was like never going to go clean alone, but I'm happy having her go out with one of the main cleaners because she's quiet and she just gets the job done. And the other cleaner will pick up the slop and will be the facing the client kind of person.

Okay, so headwind labor. But we're getting closer. I am doing like four or five interviews a day, so I will be hiring soon.

I'm just waiting. I'm going to find that person either this week or next week. Doesn't matter.

Okay, are you getting a good amount? You are holding interviews, though, and you're getting quite a bit of interviews, or do you need to have more interviews? Quite a bit of interviews. I would like more just so I can be picky. So I might just steal your ad and then just post it on Facebook and let's see what happens there.

Because right now I'm just on Indeed. I've only ever used Indeed. Okay, yeah, throw it up on Facebook.

And then on Nextdoor, I would do the same thing. If anything on Nextdoor, like make a shorter post. It's like, hey, we pay at least this much per hour-ish.

Technically, it's subcontracting $10.99. If you're a cleaner, just reach out. We're super slammed. We just really need help.

And then you'll have people reach out. So I found one of our cleaners that way. Okay, so highlight is we're at $18.5k and we're about to be at $20k.

And we have 10 more days to go in the month. And the previous high was $16.5k. And was that last month? $16.5k? Yeah, I mean, I think it was. And then before that, it was like $14k something.

You're just breaking records every month. Yeah, I know. It's been exciting.

I love that. Hold on, because I actually have... Well, let me just pull up my book in Koala. Because now you have me curious.

Because we already broke it last month. And then to do it again this month, I was like, oh, but by a lot. Did any more sales come in through the drip sequence? I know you said you had like seven sales come in, like two grand from the CRM that we did the messaging.

No, but from that one text, I already got him already from that text. And then after we did his house, he reached back out. He was like, hey, I have a property in Manion.

Can you do it? Like, yeah. So we got two off of him. That was great.

Let's go. I love that. Yeah, they just paid for the whole year.

I love that. That makes me happy. It's like, look, yeah, it's 200 months.

No, it's worth it. So worth it. 100% worth it.

But nobody believes me if I say the thing I'm selling is worth it. It's like someone else has to say it, you know? Whatever. That's the sales.

Well, I use it. And it's been a game changer for us. Especially when you start to have a lot of clients, like you haven't done in so long.

It comes in handy. Yeah. Okay.

Oh, you're going to check the report. 18.5k. Okay. I just want to know now because we're talking about it.

Okay. Let me know what that is when you see it. Keeley, headwinds.

What are your difficulties? And then what's some highlights? Oh, Lord. Okay. The headwinds is probably I don't even know where to start.

Like there's so much to be done that it seems overwhelming. And I don't know where to start. Like I know that I need more clients.

And I don't know whether to hire somebody before that or at the same time or how that works. And then where to hire people. I need to make a website.

There's a lot of different factors that flow into what is happening. And I think that's kind of my biggest roadblock right now is like I see it all and get so overwhelmed that I just kind of like pull out. Like the procrastination is real.

Yeah, I got you. Okay. So you feel like there's an elephant in the room.

You're supposed to eat it somehow. And you're just like, ain't no way I'm going to be able to eat this freaking elephant, right? Yeah, yeah. All right.

How do you? So how do you eat an elephant? You kill it first. And then you chop it up into pieces and cook it and then eat it. Okay.

Okay. So what do you feel like the most important part of that is? Probably killing it. Can't eat the live elephant.

There's a saying. I'm just saying this because a guy just got off a call with you. He said the best way to eat an elephant is one bite at a time.

Okay, yeah. So you've got a lot, right? You feel like you've got an elephant, you know. And unfortunately, the elephant is literally in the room all the time because like this is top of mind for you, right? Elephant's not going anywhere, right? You're not running away from this.

Yeah. So at some point you have to go, what do I do about this elephant? Because I'm supposed to eat it. What the heck, right? So your version, right, of killing it, chopping it up and having a piece at a time is the same thing people are saying of one bite at a time, right? So what are some of the areas that you feel like you are needing to learn? Because right now you're kind of in a learning, like it's a learning thing, right? It's not as much execution as much as it is you just need to kind of learn.

I have no idea what I'm doing, yeah. Okay, so where do you feel like you need to learn? The actual business side of it. I'm great with people.

I'm great at leading and training and teaching and coaching, but the numbers aspect and understanding profit margins and understanding CRMs, I still don't even know what that means. It's just the actual business lingo and understanding the machine part of it. Okay.

It's all a foreign language to me, but it won't be for much longer. Yeah, let me do this real quick. I know this is going to feel redundant to you, Courtney, but in here, this is your home, right? This is your school or this is where you need to be, right? So I'm just going to start here, but cleaning business systems 101.

This is going to give you a bit of the overall as far as like whiteboard session. So I would watch this video. This is a 14 minute video.

Yes. Then this video, this 20 minute video, not important. You don't need to watch this.

This is not where you're at. So watch this video here. Basically, I talk about there's the, I simplify business to you have to acquire.

This is business. This is just about any business. Okay.

In the world of business, just about every business is really this simple. We need to acquire leads in our service. We need to convert those leads into a booking and to a sale.

Okay. Once we have sale, we now need to then fulfill. We need to serve.

We need to give them what they bought. So that could be a product. It could be a merchandise.

It could be a service. It could be coaching software. We're going to fulfill the service that we sold them.

Right. Then you of course have like the finances, right? The number side of things. How much money am I spending to get this much money back? How much money am I this? How much money this? What makes sense? Right.

So finances. So we have acquiring a lead, converting that lead into a sale, fulfilling that cert, that sale with the service. Then you have finances and kind of like a weird separate thing over here and then operate.

Okay. So this is like the centerpiece of like, you can kind of see here in the thing. It's that operates in the middle.

It kind of helps everything like work smoothly together. Okay. Right.

So in general, like if I go to, let's just say a Buffalo Wild Wings, right. Buffalo Wild Wings needs to get people to come in the door. So how do they do that? They put a big sign out.

They put pamphlets out. They say, Hey, we're doing this event at Buffalo Wild Wings. Then they convert.

And their convert is like, let's make a better menu. Let's get people to buy more stuff. Buy the guide, the dessert, make the dessert look really scrumptious.

Right. And then they got to fill it. They got to make a great freaking food, a great atmosphere, a great restaurant.

Right. And then someone's in the back end running the numbers and then operate. They have to make this all go smoothly with employees, a assistant general manager, a general manager, an owner, a accountant, like any business can be basically broken up into these kinds of areas.

Right. Okay. So I would recommend that you go through this, these things as far as like acquiring.

How do we get people? How do we find people that want to buy? Right. Paid marketing. What this is from our experience and the exact things.

How do we convert those leads into people that actually book? How does sales work? How do we fulfill? Right. And this talks about the systems we use and then operate talks about like, you know, I said systems, those kinds of things and a little bit on finance. So that's kind of a bit of a one-on-one.

So I would just go through here and don't like, don't read this kind of like Troy talked about, like in the, in the workshop, like you can just read this and go, oh, cool. Looks like 200 words here. And it's like, we're going to miss it.

If you don't really like think about how this connects. Yeah. I'm, I didn't want to put a thousand words and fluff this up.

So I, it's very poignant. It's a very potent, like exactly what I'm focusing on at each of these things. Right.

So this is where I would go. And then second thing is Alex Ramosi. I believe is one of the best guys to watch that will just break things down super, super simply if you're watching the right video from him.

If you're watching a very high level video, you feel like is going over your head. You're watching the wrong kind of content because he talks to both billionaires and multimillionaires, but he also talks to an entrepreneur. That's their first time in business.

So go through cleaning business systems one-on-one and then posts. That's your homework. He is what go through here and then post in the community and go, what did you learn? Send a picture of like, you know, your journal notes.

And then Ramosi has, he's just got basic. Like if you're a beginner entrepreneur, watch this. Okay.

So like that kind of stuff. I need to watch some Taylor Welch. Taylor Welch is like, he's good.

Right. But he doesn't make things as simple as Alex Ramosi does. Right.

High level. Cause he sells to high level and it's, it's, it's above my pay grade. Actually.

A lot of the things that he talks about because he's very industry specific, very knowledge specific. So that's going to be the big thing for you, right. As you've got a lot to learn, but piece at a time, I'm not telling you to go through the whole thing.

I'm not saying like, go and change the world. I just want you to go and like watch some of this little stuff and just post in the community what you learned. Cool.

Yeah. All right. Do you think this is going to be possible to have up and running by August? Yeah, for sure.

Yeah. What are we April? What is that four months out? Yeah, definitely. If you're taking bites out of the elephant.

Yeah. But if you just like, yeah, but if you, if you just let it sit in the room, like it has been the past year, it's just going to keep sitting in the room the past four years. Oh Lord.

We're changing it. Right. Courtney, Courtney, basically.

I mean, not, this is a good thing, but Courtney made the change like three months ago of like, you know what? Like, I really want to grow this thing. I really want to scale it. And for like four years, it's like, it's basically the same business.

Courtney is like, you're learning a bit, but it was basically the same business for the most part. That's what I was telling her when he went to go get some food. I was like, yeah, I was stuck for four years.

Yeah. So it's never like people are stuck for 10 years, 20 years. Like it's not a, there's nothing to dig on anyone.

It's just life is life. And at some point you're like, you know what? Like, I think this is, is that Jesus in the background? What is that picture? Yes. It's me painting the cosmos with him.

That's cool. Next to the Woodstock digging wild. I love that.

This is the whole, the whole hippie Jesus wall of all my paintings. I want to grow this thing so I can do this for a living. Well, I believe you.

I know you can. Thank you. Highlight.

Tell me about a highlight. Okay. A highlight would be, I think the conference that we had the other day with Troy, absolutely life-changing.

And just seeing that this thing is possible and it's, I've been making it so hard in my head and it's really not like nothing is impossible with God, but I've been trying to do it in my own strength and he's brought me people to help me and to guide me and to lead me. And that is probably the most life-changing highlight at the moment. I love that.

So not relying on your own strength. And it's almost like it makes me think of like we're all part of the body in Christ, right? But like, if you're just, you know, a foot without everything else, you're just a foot, right? Exactly, yeah. Just the body.

Okay, awesome. Love that. Okay, good.

Awesome. Let's, on the headwind for labor for Courtney here. Courtney, do you feel like there's anything really in that area you want to go over or talk about? Because I feel like it's just one of those like kind of monkey work.

Like you just kind of got to get through 30 interviews to find your girl that you're super particular about. Oh, it's all about numbers. It's a numbers game.

Law of averages. So I know this. I'm not putting what I know into.

Yeah, I know I need to do double the interviews. I'm not. I'm only doing four days.

You know, I should be doing eight but 15 minute interviews hurry up because it doesn't take that long to figure out if that's a person or not. So honestly, I think I need more leads when it comes to applications. And it's funny, we get a healthy amount of application.

We send them the form. Not even 50% fill out the form. And the rest, you know, we actually interview.

Which is good. How many of the people are you actually following up? I know that, you know, from the outside, you'd be like, well, they didn't respond to the form. They must not be serious.

But we've had great interviews with people that we had to message three times to go like, do you want to do this or not? Like same thing in sales follow up, like, let me hit them like three, four times over the next four or five days. I would approach the interviews the same. I agree with you.

It's a lot of averages and you need more interviews. So posting on Facebook, if you want to sponsor MD posts, cool, might be premature. Don't know.

But then also just like sending another mass blast to everyone that didn't book an interview and saying, hey, is this still something on your radar? Or should I give up on this? Or have you given up? Just send that. Have you given up on this question mark? Nothing else. If they haven't responded.

And then that's like your three minute thing that turns into like another five to 10 interviews. I think that would throw some more stuff on your calendar and like your best person will go, oh my gosh, I really meant to do this. Life happened.

My mom got in a crash and blah, blah, blah. And like, just because they don't respond doesn't mean they're not a good, you know, just because the first time you reached out doesn't mean they're not a good candidate or a good client. So yeah, just a lot of averages would say like there's enough people out there that run into situations at inopportune times that you have a good fit somewhere in the like they haven't responded yet.

So I would do that to just more interviews on your calendar. But sounds like you just really that's just trying to accelerate you, right? Yeah, I'll just reach out to people that actually would have wanted to speak to. That's what I'll do.

Dope. Okay. Other than that, oh my gosh, sales are still coming in.

We're not even doing any marketing. So GBP? I have no idea. I mean, it has to be.

I asked them when they found us. You don't know where it's coming from? They say Google. Google's free.

So I'm not going to be like, okay. Okay. So can you share your screen and pull up your Google business profile? I want to take a look and just kind of see what's going on.

Don't ask for the tracking sheet. I have not been doing it. Do not kill me.

Well, then get a VA to do it. Like get someone to because it's like the most it's super important, you know, to like know the numbers. So it's like, if you're not going to do it, which is fine.

There's nothing wrong with you. There's no shame or anything like not doing it. I don't do more things in my business than I do, but the business still needs to be done.

So I just pay someone else really cheap to do it. So it's hard to make financially responsible decisions at scale without it. Right now, you're fine.

You're just like, it's cool. Whatever. It doesn't matter.

But if you're at 100K, it matters. And you don't want to get to 50K to realize, holy crap, I don't know what I should do because I don't know my numbers. Like now is the time when it's like you get to fix the future problem by choice or you just get to the future problem and it breaks you and you're like, holy crap, now I'm behind the ball.

So, I mean, whichever way you go, like I know you're still going to get it solved. I know you're still going to grow. I know you're still going to scale.

It's just ones can probably be a little bit more painful than the other. But I'm right with you. I'd rather like wait to get a kick in the nuts a year down the road than a kick in the nuts now, you know, so I get it.

But I got to be more efficient. Okay, so let's say I hire this VA because I had one before. It wasn't a good experience for me, but I had one before.

So I don't mind doing it again. Obviously, it works for you guys. So I just did something wrong.

So do I have to hire them full time right away? Can I just hire them for maybe two hours? No, I have a VA that, yeah, I have a VA that is, I have them do like editing. I have them going to go high level. I have them do some school.

I have them send texts. I have them do like calendar stuff. Like random, like I have them to edit social media videos.

I have them do random things for like two hours a week or like four hours a week. Like he's just my like lackey that I'm like, I need someone to do this and someone can do it other than me. So go do that because I'm not down to do that.

So honestly, I'll give you his number for you to message him. Because I don't want to get any sales calls. I still want to do that.

But I can tell, you know. Don't have them do it. Literally go, hey, I need you to do this.

It takes 15 minutes a day. I'll pay you at the end of the week, 10 bucks to do this. Just get it done, right? And like it needs to be done and he'll go do it.

And to him, $10 is to us like $50 or $100, you know, so. I don't mind that then. Yeah, let me message.

I am behind on my Google page too, like posting and stuff and all that. Yeah, let me do that. It's just those little things.

Like that's how it starts. I don't want to do the little things, but I'm losing money by not doing them. So or it's going to hurt me by not doing them.

So I pay someone to do it, right? My phone's about. Would I benefit from a VA yet or no? No, because there's a difference between having a VA do something you don't want to do. That you don't know how to do.

Okay. Versus I don't want to do it. I know how to do it, but I don't want to do it.

Because like, let's say you hired someone to do your marketing for you, right? You can't tell if they're good or bad. They can just lie to you and say, oh, we're doing this. It's fine.

But because you just don't know marketing, right? So soon, you know, because I know you want to be able to have your time back. So it's just personal preference. Like if you want your time back, you hire a VA sooner.

We're getting into a new business and it's like we're going to get a VA like right from the get-go. Like we're at something else in the same situation. Might wait or never have a VA.

So yeah, no, let me, sorry. You said my Google page, right? My business page. And then yeah.

Yeah. I sent a proposal to move it to five because I told him I have the four to five every day. All righty, hit the 147 customer interactions right below the your business on Google thing.

On the left there, it says, yep. I didn't even know that was clickable. So let's hit the, hit the time period there and just go to last month, top middle.

And just hit double hit on it. It's my computer. It's super easy.

Super slow. There we go. I'd be breaking that thing.

Yeah. Double click on March. March to March.

Okay. So I'm going to make a crazy guess and say that your business got approved right when that first big spike happened or like a few days after. Do you know what day it actually got approved? Actually, I don't.

I know it happened in March. You were there. So it happened last month.

Okay. Okay. I feel like I took notes at some point, but you are looking at now go back and do like a different date.

It didn't happen in March. It happened in, um, it did. Yep.

It did happen around March. Cause I found that in Portugal, it was March 17th. March 17th, it got approved.

Yeah. Around here. There's, that might be you checking.

That might be someone else. It could have been me checking. And honestly, that 10 is probably be going back and forth, checking your website or something.

Cause we did something together. But that, so start from the 17th. There's you're getting stuff almost every single day.

So hit instead of March hit, um, February, February to February. And we'll just look at 15 interactions over the course of February. Now let's go to, um, April right now.

So 15 for all of February and April, we're looking at double that. And we're only, it's only going until April 18th. So you just four X the amount of people that are finding your Google business profile.

So hit calls right there. Okay. So four calls hit, uh, website clicks.

Those are the kind of the two most important. Okay. So these numbers will just continue to grow, um, as you just get more views and things, but it's definitely a, and then go to time period again and just go like that whole six months.

Hit, uh, not website clicks hit just overview. Okay. So huge peak in March and then April should end up about where March.

So you just, it's a huge 15 to like 40 something. And only kicked in like halfway through March ish. Cool.

So long story short, it worked. And that's part of why you're getting, you're hitting 20 K this month is because your GBP showing up and people are finding you without you having to spend a dime on marketing. So voila.

Right. Awesome. Very exciting.

Very good. Um, some things here though, to pop up higher Google business profile posts, right? Scroll down on the right side. Yeah.

So like, we want to get those going consistently, not once a month. Um, the other thing too, is let's get like, Oh, let's get your logo has like the picture here right now. Cause you don't have, you don't need to just right now, but like, let's get that logo up.

Oh, the logo is not even up. I thought it was up. Yeah.

For some reason it's not showing there. Cause ours, like it shows. So, um, all right.

So I'll fix that. And chat. Oh, that's what I need help with too is, um, uh, in harvest is actually setting up the email.

Yes. Okay. I can send you the YouTube video on that.

And then if you want more, yeah, I've, I've also got a, we just hired another VA for CRM, all CRM stuff, like multiple, like cross multiple businesses. He uses, he's, he actually used to be hired by go high level to be a support rep for them, for their internal team. So I can just have him jump on a call with you and he'll like, set it up like for you with you.

And I'll tell him don't get off the call until she's all good. So message him and say, cause I'm scared about that. That's the only thing why I don't want to touch it myself is because the DNS records.

Yeah. Can you help her? When can you spend an hour with, it'd probably be good for you to know him. His name is Ash, um, for the carpet cleaning business.

If we move forward with that, he's, he'd be a big, like asset for us as far as like, here's how to set things up. Here's how we want things to be. Um, when can you spend an hour with a client to get there inside you available tomorrow? Courtney.

Um, yes, I am available. But what time? I just messaged him. We'll see if he's available, like 8am until 9pm our time.

So we'll find the time. Okay. Six dollars an hour is a freaking G. I love it.

Yeah. Okay, good. Okay.

What else do we want to, that's great to see Courtney and that's going to continue to grow those bookings from there. This, this is so awesome. Cause this alone just means you get bookings nonstop.

Like you could like do nothing and like, you're just going to grow like. Yeah. And we're converting them too.

So it's not like it's going to waste. Yeah, that's awesome. And then what's, uh, we'll do this on another call, but we can do like a GBP evaluation for the carpet cleaning business and see where we would put that.

Okay. See what the competition looks like for, uh, whatever the, it was like king carpet cleaning or whatever. But yeah, good memory.

That'll be good. Yeah. I mean, Elijah, we're looking at that and I just funny enough on that before I go to you, Keely, uh, I was walking down the street and saw a carpet cleaning company and talked.

I was like, I'm just my little butterfly self. I was like, Hey, are you the, are you just technician? Are you the owner? And he goes, I'm actually, I actually own it. And I was like, dude, that's awesome.

We're looking at buying a, a, a carpet cleaning business out in Philly. Do you think I could just take you out for coffee sometime and just ask you some questions? And he's like, honestly, man, like, um, I can put you in touch with this other guy. And I was like, I thought you said you like owned it.

And he's like, yeah, I just bought it two weeks ago though. So I don't know much about it. Wow.

But the last donor can tell you, um, like a lot, uh, like he can tell you all about it. So I was like, Oh dude, well, let's go get coffee. Cause you're the buyer and we're the buyer, but like, I'll go and get coffee with him too.

If you think you'd be cool with that. So both of them, like we have coffee with this week, so, um, we'll get to chat with them. Um, so we'll see how that goes.

Um, something me and Elijah just in our brains are going is like, don't be, we're like, we don't want to be too hungry for this one because then you kind of lose the power in a bit. So we're like, yeah, we're like, Hey, if this doesn't work out, it doesn't work out. It's a knowledge.

I'm telling you, cause we're going to buy one anyway. It's going to happen. Yeah.

Yeah. It doesn't have to be this one. It doesn't have to be carbon.

It could be something else too. Like it's like something is going to make sense to buy a business. Why not on seller financing? I think this one could be really good.

We got to find some terms that work, but, um, yeah, excited about that. Um, Keely, we got like two minutes here. Um, do you have any questions? Do you feel like you were prepared to come back to the call on, what do we have Wednesday with, uh, you feel like, you know, you know what, you know, the chunk of the elephant that you're going to take a bite out of before watching the videos you showed me and then posting what I learned in the homework, checking out some of Alex's stuff.

And then I do want to ask you, so I know Troy, Troy said that we could talk to him. Yeah. Here's his email.

He's like free to talk to you. Like he's one of the most awesome loving people. He's in Dallas, actually.

I just, yeah. I just sent you the email in the chat. So just copy that.

Perfect. If you need it again, just send me a text. Um, but yeah, shoot him email.

He would love to talk. And he like, he liked you just from, you know, he was a very transparent guy. He wouldn't like fake, you know, liking you.

He's just a real cool guy. So, and you're so likable. So, you know, it's just hard not to like you.

Okay. Anything else feel like you're good. You go to Monday or Wednesday and be prepared.

The same time Wednesday? Uh, yes. Wednesday 4 PM. Awesome.

Cool. Yeah. Awesome.

Love it. All right. See you guys.

Thank you. Bye-bye.