Okay, I'm going to give another minute, two minutes here, see if we can get jack in here. I have a friend Esther come in here. I'm going to run to the restroom super fast.

Sorry, guys. Excuse me. I'll be right back.

Hi, guys. You guys look like you're on vacation. We went almost a couple weeks.

Oh, where are you going? Florida. That's nice. And you're going to get nice weather.

Hopefully, hopefully it'll be nice. We'll be working while we're there. Right.

So you will be working or you won't be? Oh, we will. I mean, we'll be still, you know, following our needs and all that stuff. Yeah.

Oh, well, you guys got this. I know how that feels. Yes.

So quoting. That's all right. I'd rather be working there than here where it's not warm.

Fair enough. Where are you guys based? Michigan. Oh, yeah.

You're colder than I am. I'm in Philadelphia. Okay.

Yeah. Just a little bit. Yeah.

You guys get more snow, too. Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Yeah. We get snow like Buffalo does. Oh, my gosh.

Yeah. Yeah. Buffalo.

They get all that lake effect. That's what we get, too. You get lake effect? Yep.

What does that mean? So when the water is warmer than the air, it creates plows and precipitation. So when cold air goes over the lake, like Lake Erie, where Buffalo is at, when it's crossing that lake, it creates the precipitation, and then it snows from that. So that's lake effect snow.

That's crazy. Is it at least nice and soft snow, or is it like the snow that hurts your face on purpose? Some of it just depends. It's usually like good snowman stuff, you know.

Oh, okay. Nice. Yeah.

That's nice. It's a little bit wet. I heard Colorado, they get like dry snow, like they said it's not even cold.

Oh. Right. Yeah.

You know, it's wet because of the lake, of course. Yeah. So when you get snow from a regular snowstorm, it's not quite the same.

No, it's not. All right. Hello, wonderful, beautiful people.

Hello. I am super excited. We can see Melissa today.

We can't always see Melissa. Melissa, it's so good to see you. I'm always here, but I'm hiding.

Yeah, you are. Love it. Okay.

All right. Well, we're going to jump right in. Headwinds and highlights right off the rip.

Rick and Melissa. Headwinds first, then highlight. Well, highlights, we got two cleaners that we just hired.

One has done the test cleaning. She did a great job. The other one is still going through the onboarding, but almost there.

The background check just came back good. And got another one interested. So, yeah, we're making finally making some progress.

I interview every day. So we're finally getting somewhere. Okay, awesome.

Good to hear on that. How are you finding people, Melissa? Indeed. And actually, one of these people is a friend of one of our cleaners.

So she told us she was a good cleaner and she has a good attitude. And I'm like, great. Perfect.

We found a cleaner that way too. I love that. Good to hear.

Absolutely. Good to hear. All right.

Headwinds. What's some opposition you're facing? Well, we're pretty much booked solid. Oh, no.

People want to move their cleans around. And I'm like, I have to say, sorry. Like, we are spring break booked.

We do have some openings next week. But, like, tomorrow, we have six cleans tomorrow. So.

And I think our win rate on Thumbtack has dropped off quite a bit. So we have to figure that out. Okay.

Good. Let me know about that. Okay.

So booked solid, struggling with some scheduling stuff there. But the solution, which is the highlight, is that we got two new cleaners. So from here and right, we're just next week looks really different.

And going into the future, figure out the next bottleneck. Because it won't be labor. Because you guys will have that figured out.

Well, we'll always have a labor bottleneck. If we want to grow, we will. Well, that is constantly higher.

I'm always looking for good people and getting them to follow through with all the paperwork. Yeah, that's a difficulty. Okay.

All right. Courtney, what do you got? There you go. So good things is we got a new review today.

They killed it this morning. And he was like, I'm leaving a review. I was like, okay.

And they send it for reoccurring automatically. That was from Harvest. He was from our one time clean that we did years ago.

Now he's reoccurring. Let's go. That was pretty cool.

Harvest. I've got a rave about that thing. That's the missing piece.

It's been great. Everything has been automated. I just went to go check the review.

And it already answered it for me. I was like, I didn't type anything. That's creepy.

But it worked. And then I did do progress. I put out an ad.

And we got people. Did I call? No. Progress.

I want to know how to automate. So my headwind is I want to automate hiring. Like we are with sales right now.

Because we're jam-packed. That's it. Someone rescheduled today.

And I was like, I don't know what to do. But it's a good problem to have for my girls. Like we didn't have a slow season this year.

Like December, January, February, March. We had no slow season. Let's go.

And that's our first year ever not having a slow season. So the point being is mine is still labor. But progress.

I just need to know how to automate it. So then I'm good to go. Then everything is a freaking machine.

Okay. Okay. So we want to try to alleviate your emotional burden of hiring through AI robots doing it for you.

That's one way to put it. Yeah, sure. Automations for hiring.

Okay. There is the video that's in school on what we've got as far as hiring. Basically, I think just about everything in the hiring process can be automated or is automated already.

Except if you've got it set up right from the video. Except for that interview. Like it's just a human feel.

Like you just got to feel them out. Is this a good fit? Is this not a good fit? But as far as sending documents, sending onboarding handbook, making sure they give you their ID, their COI, all of that. That's all automated in there.

So we could walk through it at some point. I don't know if that'd be also helpful to you, Rick and Melissa, if we walked through the hiring pipeline. Do you guys feel like that would help or no? We just started using it.

Yeah, we're using it. It's in full swing now. So it's working pretty well.

Okay. We had a couple of bugs to work out, but it's working pretty good now. Okay.

Maybe we look at the bugs, see what issues. Just a minor. I don't want to spend the whole call doing that.

Like a five minute. Here's how we're doing it. Here's how it works.

So it may be cool for Courtney. Because we just walked through hiring three new people. So we just got them into Discord.

They just had their first cleans. I don't know how they went. My VA is going to tell me if she loves them or hates them.

And then it'll be back on us to do another interview. Okay. So that's highlights.

We got the recurring guy. Hey, you got a review on the existing business profile. Because you didn't make a new one.

You just took the existing one, put an address. We don't have a second. Okay.

Awesome. Okay. So you got a recurring and verification.

Everything there went phenomenal. Did you end up changing the name to the. I did nothing.

Google didn't flag it. We're good to go. They actually sent me an updated email.

Hey, you updated your name, blah, blah, blah. I was like, okay. Works for me.

Look at you. My name. Well, the company's name.

House cleaning and king of Prussia. House cleaning service. King of Prussia.

I'm looking at it and I love it. Okay. He killed it.

Good to go. Okay. Are we doing daily posts on the GBP? Okay.

Your last post was March 25th. So about six days behind on that. So what I would recommend there is at least two posts a week.

Honestly, I just like daily posts. Like the system can do it. Like the AI can do it in harvest.

Like it can post for you. So check that out because it will do Google business profile posts. You can schedule them out and the AI can help you make it.

So it's pretty intuitive. So go in there. I would just go ahead and schedule out that next month of posts and just do daily.

It's not daily, at least every other day. It really does make a difference on how, how you jump up in the map pack. So, and then I, I think I mentioned it in the Google business, like set up thing, but, and you don't do it here, which is good.

You don't want to put your number in the post. You want to have that call now button here. Let me share my screen real quick.

I'm looking at it. Yeah. So Google will flag the post.

If you try to put like a big, like call this number thing on the image and, or if you try to put the call, like the number in this actual GBP posts. So if you're doing the right thing here, which is the call now button is, you know, it has the number there. So, you know, Rick, if you're familiar with this, but you just go to, you know, Google business profile and then you can see down here whether or not there is these, how these posts are doing. 

Rick, actually, let me take a look at you guys. It's it's my personal now. What is the name of that? We, I the last update I did was at the beginning of the year.

Okay. So, and this is you guys right here. No, this is not you guys.

Yeah. This one in Ottawa. Okay.

Yeah. So let's get, let's get that going. I haven't checked you guys as area Rick, to be honest. 

We, I just did the numbers for last month here. This was March and we got 118 leads from our Google business profile, 98 of them are qualified and we booked 33 of those 98. So qualified pros rate of 33%, which is actually a lot lower than it was last month.

Last month was like 60%. But those are all free because they're coming from our Google business profile, you know? So I'd be, I would want to see what kind of results you guys would get by putting an address and going through that whole process of like, let's find a place that we can put an address. Let's put a pin mark on the map and be able to have a stronger presence.

So that way more leads are coming in. What Courtney just went through basically, but that'd be a good conversation to have at some point. Yeah. 

I mean, I think we could put our address and we got, we're in a pretty good area too. So I was not, I don't need to move it anywhere. The thing is it can't go at your home address.

Okay. Okay. Yeah. 

So it would, it would like Google would flag you and go, Hey, like you gotta, this is a problem. So that's why you have to find some kind of office that would get approved. And like Courtney had to go and do a, shoot a video in the office location to show, Hey, here's my business.

And then they verify you. And then also with you guys is you just have my personal cleaner. We would want to make that my personal cleaner and then house cleaning service, kind of like I can just show you ours.

We're actually opening with third Google business profile here and this next week, but as our name, and it has this divider and then house cleaning service and then the city. So when our second location here, once again, same thing. Then the city name, the reason why is because this keyword right here, house cleaning service is the most searched keyword in wherever you are.

I have not seen a more search keyword. And so by just putting this in your name, you're going to pop up higher, putting your city in your name. You're going to pop up higher.

Meaning when someone looks for, I don't think we'll pop up for maid service, but it's not in our name, but we're going to see here. You still do. That's great.

Maids of McKinney maid is literally in their name. So surprise. And McKinney is in their name, right? So it's no surprise that these people pop up even though this business right here has three times the amount of reviews, right? So there's a couple of like tricky kind of hacky tips you can do that.

I've spent like a lot of time making sure that they're done legitimately and you won't get in trouble or anything like that. So that's what we just did with Courtney's what we do with ours. Like I said, we said we got 33 bookings from this in March.

From our Google business profile, 33 are average. I just did this number, our average revenue per booking for one time. Like, which is usually the first time as a deep clean at one time, three 34, let's just say it's even 300 times 33 of those bookings from the 33 bookings from Google business profile, average revenue 300.

It's not, it's about $10,000 just from our Google business profile and revenue that's come in. Okay. I spend $80. 

How much Courtney do you spend on your office? Nothing. Cause the guy doesn't want to charge you. He's going to start charging me April 1st. 

Okay. How much is he going to charge you? $75. Okay. 

So no matter, I mean, we actually, for this office space here, we actually, we were just going to get the address here and it was going to be like, I don't know, a hundred bucks or something on a month. We were like, why don't we just get an office space? So I think we pay like 900 a month for this office space in here. And like even if we were just paying 900 for this, it's still worth it.

Right. So anyways, side note on that, I'm a huge proponent of that talk about it a lot. I've talked about it on podcast.

It's really, really crucial for our business because that money came in and we didn't have to spend a dime other than a hundred dollars a month to get it right. So, and anybody can do it. You just got to know what you're doing and how to do it right.

So those videos on that are in here. If you want to do a bit of research, Rick, I know you're a guy that loves his research. Google business profile set up.

I've actually went through all of that. I just haven't done the, done the address. Okay. 

Alrighty. Coolio, what? How fast before you saw traction on that, like the free leads and everything from Google, my business, when you, say it again, how fast did you see the traction of new leads come in? Like does it take a couple of months? Does it happen fast? So it's, it happens like when I did it, it was within a week. I saw an uptick in both putting my name and putting the address, but changing the name, it takes like five or six days to ref. You see it on your end, but for some reason, like Google doesn't like pick it up.

Like I don't know if they have a refresh servers or however the heck that works, but we saw that it was about five or six days before they actually like picked up the change on their end. And then it was like the second week, it was like there's more traffic than we had before. So we were just, we can look over your numbers, like in like two weeks, you'll see like your Google business profile, like the number, like the amount of like interactions, amount of calls would just increase.

And then you just track it, you know, internally, how many people called me, how many books and all that. So yeah, I say like two weeks, give it two weeks. Coolio. 

Okay. Headwinds Courtney, we didn't get headwinds from you. I mean, not calling people but or not calling people that reached out to the application for hiring, but what other, what other headwinds do we have there? Oh, that's pretty much it. 

I mean, if you want to go, I'm not getting any organic sales right now other than what's coming through harvest. Like I stopped all marketing platforms right now until I hired because yeah, so that really is a huge bottleneck that I didn't realize came up really fast. Okay. 

So that's it. Okay. So labor, labor, labor's getting labor headwinds. 

Okay. Another thing too is like once you work, I don't know how many past customers, you guys definitely don't have as many past customers as Courtney does. But going through the people that even though they didn't respond to a text or even though they didn't like, you know, the followup didn't book them, whether they were someone that reached out but didn't get booked or if they were a one-time clean, find a reason to call. 

I, I mean, I call people today and say April fools, you know, like, how are you doing? It's like, who the heck is this? It's like, Oh, it's Alex. We clean your home wall back out. I don't mean to bug you.

We have a clean promotion going on and get this amount just by getting on the phone and not being, Hi, I have a special happening. Bye from me. Like just have a conversation, check up on them. 

Hey, Lindsay, I remember you had this or your home and we did it back. Whatever. You can snoop, go look them up on Facebook and like you liked the Rangers, right? Like, I don't know, like figure some out some way to talk to them and just have a conversation. 

Don't, when you're calling people, don't be like a weird, like don't, this is what I'm saying. You can call people in your database that are one-time cleans and canceled people or never booked, but don't call them like a cold, cold. That's like, I have something to sell you. 

Like really try to call them and go, how are you doing? I know we talked a while back. He's still in the area. Okay, good to hear. 

Did you see that thing that happened? Oh my gosh. Well, I just wanted to let you know, you were looking for a cleaning pass. You guys still looking for a cleaning? You guys have someone. 

Okay, well we have this special, we're doing this, whatever. You're going to get people like it's just a numbers game, right? I called a million people, at least one would look right. So you're going to have people that book through that.

So that would be another organic way. Like you could do before turning on ads. If you're like, there's another way I can get bookings. 

Right. Cause you, your database is pretty much the potential is untapped. You know, you're just starting to tap into it. 

So you can call people point being, but we have our VAs do that for certain seasons, certain holidays times a year where it's like call and say, we have an available, you know, you were on the list, reached out a while back, whatever way you want to do it. So I'll probably upload calls of our VA doing that just to give you guys some, like, here's how we do it. But cool. 

Okay. What do you guys feel like would be the most helpful thing? Important or I'll grab Jack's asking to get in. So I'll grab headwinds and highlights from Jack real quick.

And then we'll go into the most helpful to, to get into Jack, you wonderful human being. Can you hear me? Yes. Can you guys hear me? Yes, I can hear you. 

Okay. We just went through headwinds and highlights. You're coming to right at the tail end of it.

So I'm gonna grab headwinds and highlights from you. Rick's highlight is that he booked two new cleaners. His headwind is that Rick and Melissa are booked solid and cannot even, they can't even take someone on this week.

They can only take people on next week. So good, but bad headwind. Right.

Courtney's a highlight. We've got a recurring booking from, we've got a one-time booking from harvest serum, the followup which turned into a recurring booking. She got a review and the AI and harvest serum response review for her.

She put a hiring ad out. So she overcame her biggest fear in the business of hiring, but hiring out. But her, her headwind is that she has not called anyone that has applied because she doesn't want to, she doesn't want to talk to people. 

Surprise. Right. So those that's headwinds and highlights for them. 

I know we talked a little bit. I want to talk to you after the call too, but headwinds and highlights for you, where are you at Jack? Yeah, actually not a, not a great week. One of those weeks where you question even owning a business, but you just kind of motor on through it, got her VA trained up, just didn't end up working out, had the suspicions right from the start.

She just wasn't really someone, a self-starter, which is kind of what you need when you're looking to hire a VA and someone to kind of run and help support your business. So that she, she sent me a message Saturday and, she just basically said that she could only work in a part-time capacity going forward. She has two young kids, perfectly fine. 

Alex, I know I talked with you about it briefly, but yeah, no, it just, it's just not a good fit. So that's okay. It sucks thinking, you know, waking up early mornings before work for a couple hours and trying to teach someone all of these things.

And then my business partner was probably on the phone with her three, four hours a day, every day that week. And then just to get the message at the end of the week that yeah, sunk cost is what it is charged to the game. Another brutal one was just a really particular borderline mentally ill customer brought a, it was a move in, move out clean.

She was just moving in. She brought a camper chair and sat in the living room as my cleaners only a 600 square foot, a bat, like one bed, one bath apartment. And she sounded great over the phone. 

She's a lawyer, all that stuff. Great. My cleaner showed up super weird person wouldn't let, even though the unit was vacant, she wouldn't let them enter the unit without her.

Like when she had to step out to bring her garbage downstairs, she made both my cleaner step out. She yelled at one of my cleaners for missing something. My cleaner was crying.

I didn't know that till after the clean, it was the support cleaner who she yelled at and she asked me to remove them from the clean. I said, okay, called my cleaning lead said like, look, I know you're in a stressful situation right now. I'm not calling you to make it more stressful.

This is what the customer has asked. And you just ask your support to leave and I'll pay for Uber home. So that's kind of how I handled it.

And my cleaner stayed there an extra two hours places immaculate, like it was spotless, but she left a one-star review because she had a, she said, shoot, there was an altercation. And I looked at her other Google reviews. She's left one-star reviews for like small local retail stores because they put a sales associates name on the receipt.

She's like, it's fraudulent. These guys are committing fraud there. I'm like, Oh my God, just all one-star reviews that she's given line companies, anything.

So I was like, Oh, and I listened to back to the phone call. I'm like, were there any red flags here that I've sussed this out? She just seemed super normal on the phone. She did ask one red flag was she asked for two female cleaners.

I'm like, I do have a husband and wife who cleans. And she's like, no, no man's allowed in my house. I didn't know if it was a religious thing.

So I didn't bother diving into that deeper, but yeah. So wow. It was a hard week and that's okay. 

We just keep moving on. Okay. All right. 

What do you, what did you, what'd you learn from it? Well, like it's hard to say what my key takeaways were. I really thought I did a good job. I handling the situation at hand when it happened, I guess my learning could maybe come from you guys on how you would go about handling something like that.

Would you just ask your cleaners to leave both of them at the same time? Like that would be my other thing. My lead cleaner said like, I, I only say it cause I'm working for you. Like if this was my own clean, I'd be out of there almost right away. 

So yeah, I just learning how to handle these things, I guess, is my, my biggest learning itself. Like, I don't think I did anything wrong. I thought I handled it well and kind of prove that to myself.

That would be the highlight of my, my week. But aside from that, like it's just been a disastrous week. Okay. 

All right. It's been, we've been there. We've been you're not alone on that.

We've been there. I, I think we learned that taking jobs that are the low cost jobs, those are all the ones that always give us trouble like that. You know, the one, the $99 special, you know, if we're doing, if we're doing 150 or more dollar clean, we never have a problem with those people.

It's the people that want, that don't want to spend any money. Those are the ones that give us all the grief. Yeah. 

She, she didn't really class fall into that category. We charged her 330 bucks for the queen. So like, it, she's just sounded professional on the phone.

It's just one of those tricky ones where you can't really plan for, I feel, or I don't know. I listened back to the call. She got hung up on some certain things like there being like a $50 cancellation fee 48 hours beforehand. 

But like, I don't know, you might be right. Right. Like it could be like a stinginess to it or my cleaners.

If she gave my cleaners a hard time for taking pictures as well, even though the unit's vacant, like there's no privacy. She's infringing on her, but like, I don't want to get into like a legal dispute by someone who is just overly litigious and it's just the juice is not worth the squeeze. So builder and ate the review.

You didn't do anything wrong. We've been there too. We sent our cleaners home. 

If they feel uncomfortable, you can leave. Don't worry. We're not going to charge a client.

Cause we don't want to deal with them either. We'll call it a loss. Cause regardless, even if you did do a great job, which it sounds like your cleaners did, she was going to leave that one-star review regardless.

So it was nothing. It was out of your control. Like you can only gauge so much from a phone call.

Yeah. Been there. We've had those weeks too, where we're just like, is it worth it? But it is in the end of the day, it is worth it.

But yeah, I would have definitely told my cleaners to leave though. Like it's all right. Especially if she made her cry. 

I feel so bad. Yeah. I didn't know that until my cleaning leads told me at the end of the clean. 

I didn't know most of the details until after the fact. Yeah. In the middle of the clean, I got a call from the customer and she just was like, one of your cleaners spoke back to me and is being confrontational.

I'd like, like, I'm like furious and I'd like her to leave. So I just called my cleaning lead. I'm like, Hey, this is this, this is that.

You can just ask her to leave and I'll take care of the costs associated with it. But yeah, I didn't. I didn't maybe, maybe I could have pushed back a little to the customer, but in that case, I mean, I just wanted it to go smooth.

Yeah. Jack, you, you I think two things, two things there's, there's a not a wrong way to handle it when you just do the best you can. Right. 

So if you can honestly say you did the best you can, which I think is exactly what you're saying over and over is I did the best I could. You did the best you could, dude. That's the right way.

You're asking, did I do it the right way? Did I do the right thing? Like, yeah, you did. You did the best you could. And that was the right thing, bro.

So first thing, second thing, dude, the biggest thing is, is what do you take from it? What do you learn from it? And you just dealt with a nightmare of a situation and you just, I mean, killed it, dude. You did great. I mean, that was great. 

You know, it's like, it's just a difficult situation. It's just one of those things. Like things happen, dude. 

But you did the right thing, which is doing the best thing you could, you know? So you know, Cordy would have sent them both home and not build them. Melissa and Rick would have done something different. I maybe would have done something different, but in the end, like you did what you thought was best. 

So I love it. Great stuff. And sometimes the highlight is that you learn from the headwind, the reality of it, you know? So good to hear, good to hear that you felt like you grew from it because that's really, what can you take into the future? Cause like you're, how old are you, Jack? 29.

We got a lot more time in business, bro. So like the most important thing is not how, how much money you build her or what happened. Here's the lesson you take and how it changes what you do into the future.

Right. So just one of those things, dude. So good to hear though.

Okay. So where do you guys feel like? Okay. I kind of want to talk about SOPs for a sec, because this is a great kind of example of a situation that is making, like putting me on my heels and going, what would I, what would I do in that situation? Right? Like what is my recourse? Like not necessarily just with this customer, but I'll say as a whole, what do I do with difficult, hard to handle, unfair, inconsiderate, belligerent, almost customers. 

What do I do about them? What do I do when my cleaner feels unsafe? My cleaner wants to leave a home before the cleaning is done. There's could there have been things that went wrong up until that point to get there? Sure. You know, maybe, but like, sounds like with your situation, it just happened, dude. 

I didn't really see any red flags. You know, like you didn't, if you saw a red flag, you would have saw a red flag. You didn't. 

So what do we do in that situation? Right. And so instead of giving a, you can't write down in the SOP how old the cleaner to go home because she was like, if a cleaner cries, then they should go, right. You have to make generalizations and an overall what to do in that situation.

So what I would do is I'd kind of chat to you a bit and like, I need to make an SOP for what to do when I run into this kind of situation. And so I'll probably end up doing this for myself. Like I have this call because I don't think we have an SOP right now on what to do about that kind of situation, that kind of customer.

And so because I don't have an SOP and I'm not sure how I knew I would intuitively deal with it, but it's not a system or process when we're relying on Alex's intuition, right? We need a system or process to deal with this in the future. So that means making an SOP so that I know that the VA would make the right decision by following that SOP, by following the guidelines that are there. So this is the importance of SOPs, right? What happens when we get to a customer, right? And the SOPs go, you know, it's just that idea, but extend it out into every situation.

What happens if we are on the way to a home and a customer says they want to reschedule and they forgot to reschedule, right? We have one, allow one, one time strike, you know, like we'll do it for free for the first time. Reschedule if you're a recurring customer, but if they're not a recurring customer then we do still charge the cancellation fee. Like these are the kinds of things that are in the SOPs that we've laid out.

So a way you could take what you learned and not just put it internally into the decisions that you make, but for your VA and for your business to make is to go and chat to BT, talk to, I need to make an SOP for certain situations like this in the future. So my VA properly handles that. That's how you turn this into a system into the future.

Cause you guys are revenue wise, I don't know, like in the, in the teens, right in that area. Okay. So when you're at 50 K a month, it's three times more likely to happen.

Four times more likely to happen. Right? So right now this is the point of this area in, in the business is that you're in that stability and that scaling period of you got to build the system so that at scale at 50 K and when you're sustaining and want to sell, you're able to handle three times more of these situations. In fact, you aren't able to handle it, but your VA is able to handle that. 

Right? So that's your role as a business owner right now in the season is to make sure that you're building those systems for that VA one day. So take these situations as exactly what it is. This is a benefit.

This is a great lesson to not just take internally, but let's create a system. Let's create a process to deal with this in the future. That's exactly how Elijah and I took every single difficult situation that we ran into for the first eight or nine months of the business before we fully handed it off to our VA. 

Right? So this is a good thing. Don't look at it as a bad thing and like take action, like practically in the business by making that SOP. So honestly, I'm going to give that to you as homework, Jack, for you to send in the school group and go, Hey guys, here's my SOP I made on this on how to deal with difficult customers.

RSV is like, it's not going to look exactly like yours, like your processes are going to look a bit different, but where there's gonna be a general guideline of what a VA should do, put that in the community. And then, you know, we're all going to be able to benefit from, from that situation, but make, you need that for you. You know, I can't just give you mine because mine's going to look a little different than how we procedurally handled that. 

Right? So let's knock that out this week and get, cause that's gonna be a huge plus for you. You're also going to feel like there's some, some gold to be earned by slaying that dragon. Right? So good.

Okay. Great. All right. 

Some homework for you there. Okay. Is there anything that pops out from anyone that's like, this is a big, like I want to figure this out or I want to solve this problem or what do I do here? I feel stuck.

Melissa says she's stuck. She struggles with booking Koala and in the double booking. I'll tell him. 

So when you get somebody scheduled in booking Koala, if they have a recurring clean, it'll just double book the same cleaner every month. Like you have to go in there and make sure and move everything all around. And then people are expecting to have, you know, then you don't have time to call 10 different people that you've had to move around. 

I don't know why. It's some kind of hang up and booking Koala, but I'm fixing it. Can you show me, would you mind pulling up booking Koala and show me just so I can look at it? Cause we, I think we experienced something similar, but I'm not sure I can tell you what we do about it.

I'm going to run to the restroom real quick while you're pulling up screen share. Okay. I love drinking my water.

I love seeing how people have their setup and what works for them and what doesn't because there isn't really much guidance. I find like, I've just been trying to figure this out on my own and how I do things. There's likely better ways to do it.

Well, they're all moved. I've moved them all around. So they're not double book. 

Now this isn't morning in the afternoon. So that's not it. See we've had in booking Koala where we have them on reoccurring and then suddenly they disappear.

And then my girls have to tell me, Hey, usually they're on my schedule. Did they cancel? Did they reschedule? I'm like, no, they didn't. And then I would have to add them back in as reoccurring.

Oh, that's weird. But that usually happens after a year. I realized like every year, like if they'd been with us that long, it suddenly disappears. 

So I hope not. I was wondering why they did that though. I don't know. 

Booking call is just weird. It just, I don't know. What's the best to my view so far. 

Is it? Okay. Yeah. I tried launch 27. 

I hated it. It's a healthy looking calendar guys. It's awesome.

Thanks. See, we still got a few openings next week. So we just planned a, a picnic we're going to host for all of our cleaners.

Awesome. And, and it's going to be in June. So what we're going to do is, is I want to buy a bunch of cleaning supplies that they can just take home with them, you know, stuff like that. 

And, you know, we'll do a cookout and, and everybody get to meet each other. Cause you know, most of them don't even know our face. They've never met us. 

So it'll be, it'll be a lot of fun. That's great. I think I fixed them all. 

I don't, there's nothing double booked right now. Nothing right now. I mean, if I go far enough, no, I've been in there. 

I don't think there's anything double. I've had to fix them all. That's why it's such a pain.

Every time I schedule somebody, then that was the one that cams off. So that, yeah. How do you go about approaching the conversation with your customer when you have to move the clean? Well, I try to move it like one day, not, you know, not like a week, just like one day, either way. 

And I usually don't say anything, unless I know it's a customer that's going to have a problem with their day changing a day or two, because there are, I do have people, I do have a couple of those or they're old and they get mad every time they get a text message or every time they get an email. And then they block us and put everything on do not disturb. But for the most part, I haven't had a problem. 

I just have to, I just move them over like one day or the other. If I have to move them more than that, then I'll call the customer. But I'll just say, you know, your cleaner accidentally got double booked.

Do you mind if I move your appointment? Is there a better, is there another day that works for you? I'm pretty sure I fixed them all. Yeah. We're out to August here.

I fixed them all. And they're all fixed. Yeah.

Another way here. This here is July 4th, the July 4th holiday. It's a holiday.

It books them anyway, even though we have it blocked out. You can see that. So it'll book, like if we don't pay attention, it'll put 10 cleans on that day and then we'll have to reschedule all of them because even though it's a holiday, it doesn't register as a holiday.

It's stuff like that. That is very. Yeah. 

It's finicky. Yeah. Just one of those nuances we have as for the holidays, we have an SOP where we call it. 

We tell VAs, Hey, you should be looking two weeks ahead. See if there's a holiday or something going on. You need to go ahead and look ahead of time, make sure you're moving them and preemptively do that.

Another thing to guys is like this view here is more helpful, at least for scheduling. I don't know if you guys already did this, but let me, let me just show you. I prefer to use the, so we're looking at, you guys are looking at the month view here.

I just prefer to use that week tab. We have a split screen. We have three screens.

So beautiful. Okay. I can only see the month one there.

Yeah, we just, I, we have, we have three different pages of booking quality. One's got split screen for just for doing bookings. One's got just a week, one's got a month.

So we can kind of keep an eye on everything. And then at the beginning of every month, like yesterday was the end of the month. So I'm looking at this month and making sure that nothing's double booked and making sure that I fixed everything.

Because like I said, a lot of times when I have to, when somebody has a recurring clean, I'll have to go in there anyway and move things around. So if you're proactive at the beginning of every month, you know, you look at everything and okay, this doesn't look right or I need to move this or that, that helps that rather than wait until the last minute when you, you know, you're like, Oh no, tomorrow, my cleaner has three cleans at the same time because book that. Yeah, definitely looking at least a week ahead.

It's part of our SOP for our VAs is that this end of day checklist that we have is like, there's like eight things they have to do at the end of every single day. And one of those things they have to check off is that they looked at this week's cleans and the next week's cleans and identified any possible double booking. And so because they have to check that off every single day, it basically identify on Monday like, okay, I'm checking this week.

Now I got to also check next week and double checking every single day because you could book someone and then it gets moved and you forgot and you just move this later every single day at the end of the day. One of the things is double check, boom, make sure there's no colors, stacking with other colors, good to go. So it's one of those like, it's annoying. 

It doesn't break the, it's annoying, but a VA means that you don't emotionally have to bear weight. You just know that it's getting done and I ain't got to worry about it, you know? So that is like a full piece of that. I just wrote this in the, in the post in, in the school where can I, you commented on it, but something that I feel like I've learned from this past year is that yeah, going like profit changes, everything going from negative to really a solid positive profit shifts how the whole business feels and we're often emotional before we are logical, right? And so entrepreneurship has this sneaky way of improving us as a person and then the business also improves as a result.

But it's just one of those things that's like, man, this is annoying, man. This sucks. Well you can just have someone else do it and you don't feel the emotional weight or burden and then someone else logically, you know, it gets done like the business needs.

So oftentimes when I'm making business decisions now like in the past two, two years, okay, peace Jack. And in the past two years something that I've been saying a lot to not just internally, but like when I talk with partners and other, other businesses, as people are like, I don't want to do this or that, or you know, someone else blah, blah, blah. I'm not saying you're, I'm not don't take this as like you're complaining Melissa, not at all.

But what I will say like in a group context is guys, what is the business need? Like if we put emotions, we put all things aside, what does the business need to perform best and then well this is what the business needs. Okay. Is there a way that the annoying tasks that we don't want to do or just a frustration or time consuming that someone else can do them instead of us, we can pay them to do it. 

Like our VA, I hate, I hate, I hate, I hate, I hate it so much having to go into the lead sheet and put every single lead in there. I don't like it. I really don't like it.

And I don't like having to every booking every day and that where did it come from? Did they actually cancel, go back two weeks and then change whether or not they booked for the lead sheet to be accurate. So I hate it, but the business needs it. So it needs to get done. 

Okay. So perhaps there's an AI that can do it. Perhaps there's an automation.

Perhaps we can pay a VA to do it and pay them well enough where they're going, heck yeah, I'm getting paid to do this. So that's kind of a way that has helped me alleviate a lot of the crap from business that I don't enjoy doing. Nobody likes putting the printer ink into the printer.

No one likes taking the trash out, but the whole business has to run as a result. And so yeah, anyway, that's an approach that like has helped me. So I know you guys, I know I missed your text, Rick.

I was super late responding to it on the VA stuff, but there's one of the first things like everyone's different on what they don't like and what they do like and what the business needs. That would be one of the first things that you guys can immediately like knock out and go this, like write those things down of like, I hate doing this, but the business needs this. So like someone else is going to do the weed sheet.

Someone else is going to make sure bookings are not doubled up. Someone else is going to call the customer and say, Hey, we got to reschedule. I'm sorry. 

Like all the things you don't like to do, have someone else do them and you can have them do them for like $5 an hour. It's freaking worth it. You know, like Courtney could have for $5 an hour, you know, pay pay 30 bucks and have a VA go and interview all the cleaners for you.

You don't even got to do it, you know, just pay 30 bucks to have someone else do it and go have yourself a nice dinner instead of having interviews. You know, it's a, it's a way you're able to approach things where you're happy about it. You're happy to pay to get it done and you don't got to do the thing.

So just, that's my little tangent there for you guys. I really hate that our lead sheet not being right. Just like you.

I mean, I have, I have the automations working so well that my lead sheet is always up to date and it's never, I don't have to enter anything in the lead sheet anymore. If I get no booking, if it, if it gets put on the no booking column, it puts it, it marks, it updates the lead sheet to no booking. I get a booking.

It puts booking in there. It, it, it does everything. It puts the price in there on the lead sheet. 

If they, if I book them, it really, really works well. So I can show you them automations if you ever want a chance. One of the things I found out was, was the zaps every time I updated a contact, a zap would run it to update the lead sheet.

While that zap, I mean, every other zap that I have runs like maybe a hundred times a month and this one on 1500 times in a month. So how to solve that problem was, you know, you obviously to get it to run through the zap, you, you use a web hook, right? So I have a web hook that runs in an automation and that web hook is only kicked off when I, when I, when the update clean or update, contact tag is added to the contact. So, so only time I have update contact working is when I get a new lead, when I send a quote and when I get a booking and, or, or anyone I get no booking to and actually canceled, come to think of it. 

So canceled too. So those times are the only times it sends the automation as the update contact tag and it runs that, that, that zap and then takes the tag off. So I'm, I, I went from 1500 zaps to 200 zaps in 10 days.

Way better, way better. I'm not spending so much money on zaps. Yeah. 

Well done. Yeah, that's great. Yeah. 

I will probably, I kind of want to see that. Cause right now the, especially cause you've got a background of being a coder and having those things. So for us, I think I have to ask Elijah and he can make a video on it.

But I think any contact, anybody that we have a conversation with through the CRM, so meaning any call that comes in automatically gets updated to the sheet. But I don't think it's a zap. I think it's a integration straight from harvest. 

Now I could be wrong, but I don't like our zaps are like the 400 a month. So it can't be through zap cause everything's getting added. So I think every single time a lead comes in and we talked, we have that initial contact, like a new contact is created in harvest CRM that automatically goes to the Google sheet, but it does not automatically update like yours does whether or not they get booked, canceled and all that. 

Our VA has to go and do that manually. So I'd be, I'd be interested cause it would just, it doesn't alleviate a burden for me, but it alleviates a burden from the VA, which is, I love that. I want to make my VA's life easier as well. 

So. Yeah, it took me a couple of extra custom fields and stuff like that, but, but it works well and pretty well. Awesome. 

Yeah. I love that. Courtney, what is, what would be like a, we've got like six minutes here, but what's something that you outside of the hiring stuff, is there another area of the business where you, or maybe it was just the hiring stuff where you have a question or like a stuck feeling that you're like, well, that would be cool if we figured that out.

Or I just want you guys' opinion on that. No. Okay.

So you're telling it just need that way. Now since we put that booking form on our site, like Jack's, it works. Somebody actually filled it out. 

It was a scam, but the whole point is that thank you scam. Cause you proved that it works. And then as soon as it came to my phone, I was able to call.

So that was actually really cool. And I want like, for me, it's just labor. Cause I already know once I put back on my marketing, we're going to go crazy.

So like our pricing is like, this thing's going to be a machine. It's kind of exciting. And no one understands me in my world.

And when I started saying, Oh, I have a really cool CRM system. Oh, what's a CRM. Okay.

And now my friends think I'm throwing acronyms at them. So I stopped talking about it, but I'm just like, I would be super rich. You don't understand. 

Oh, so yeah, that's it. Actually once I get the labor down, we're good to go. And you said have two people. 

Okay. I know the two people I'm going to send them out with. Like it's just legit finding the right people that mesh well with the girls and we're good to go. 

And then I want to do what you guys are doing. I want to have something for the girls too. Like let's go to dinner or the cookout sounds like a really great idea.

Get to know one another and bonding at least one. I love that. Another way you could get people like that your girls are going to mesh with really well is to incentivize your girls with a like, Hey, we're trying to like, you're super transparent with your team, which I love you. 

Great communication with them. Hey, we're looking for someone. If you guys bring someone on and they end up being a good fit and they, when they do five cleans with us I'll, I'll give you $200 for bringing someone onto the team.

You get to work with a friend, someone that you like, someone that fits. Or if you just find someone that ends up working together and it works, it's something that you could have them like, Hey, if you would post on your store or on your Instagram or your Facebook or post on next door for me then you can interview test and you don't have to pay anything for it until they've done five cleans and they're a good fit. It's another way you could like not so much like getting applicants for you because you're already getting applicants, but like someone that's going to be a good fit and mesh well, because now the girl is vouching. 

Your girls are vouching for this person. So yeah, My girls don't trust anyone. They're like, not for art.

Like they don't trust anybody with our reputation. Not in our friend group. I was like, you know what? We're just looking out like just okay.

But we already know who's our niche. Like they're usually caregivers home like healthcare, like very seniors. They weren't really well in our industry.

They've never cleaned professionally, but when they do come to our industry, they're great. So I put that on the application. Like if you have a background in that, we'll definitely like you because you have to be nice. 

Number one, you know how to deal with, you know, crazy, you know, clients already are very demanding clients and cleaning is just easy on top of everything you just dealt with. Like I said, I just, I just want that part to be automated and then I'm good to go. Yeah. 

Yeah. We can go through. Yeah.

There's that hiring pipeline. I'm curious on the community aspects. I know, like I know that feeling for business.

Like I feel like experienced a lot like earlier on. I think I told you like I dropped out of high school. Like I was getting into business like really, really early and I didn't have anyone to talk to. 

You know, I'm 17 years old, no, no even high school degree. I'm trying to do business. And I'm like making some money doing it. 

I'm struggling. I'm trying to learn and I just couldn't find anyone around. And everyone I talked to was just like, it was, they thought I was high, you know, trying to, you know, we dropped out of school. 

You what? You got a business like, okay, good luck Alex. You know? So I'm curious, Rick, I want to ask you and Melissa this. Have you guys, do you guys have people around or a community around, not just friends that you have like for personal life, but for friends you can talk to for business that you can go like, Hey, like this has just happened. 

Our business is great. We've got a CRM. Can you believe it? And then they go, Oh, we have a CRM too.

Do you guys have those kind of people around or not really? I'm sorry. I missed part of that. So.

I was asking if you guys have the, like a community around of business. I mean, like we, there's, I have, actually my son-in-law owns his own business. It's a garage floor coating company, him and his brother.

And so I talked to them a lot. They do. They helped me with how to get reviews and stuff like that too.

And yeah, we talk about business quite a bit. And then, and then there's a couple of Facebook groups that a lot of people talk about business. So it's nice to connect and communicate that way.

Yeah, that's great. Yeah. We, I learned a lot.

I mentioned it like in the posts I did today, but I learned a lot from this guy's 45 minutes away West from us. He's got a cleaning business. He's in the booking quality group.

I posted one day and he DMed me and reached out and said, Hey, let's jump on a call. And 45 minutes away, we don't compete. We're just like on the edge of each other's borders of where we clean.

And he was, he was at like 70 K a month when I first reached out to him. And so he's been a huge resource and just a wealth of knowledge and not just for me to take from, but we've become friends and just talk life and then when business comes up, it's a learning thing, but it's also a celebration thing. It's hard when you don't have people who can celebrate with, which is Courtney what I'm hearing a bit like of like, it's, I want to celebrate like this is sick. 

This is awesome. My CRM freaking got me a recurring customer and it just did the thing it was supposed to do and it replied to review. And I mean, that's what this group is for is to be able to celebrate and win together.

But also, you know, I'm like 2000 miles away, you know, so having those people around, I know we talked about that community, but I feel like for me today, me and Elijah can look at each other and go, dude, can you believe this? Like, Oh my gosh, you know, I can call my buddy Ben or my buddy Alex and talk to them. But it's been a really encouraging and helpful thing. So are we even just talking about goals? Like you guys are at 29,000.

You're almost at 30. That was your goal. Yeah.

Like that's awesome. Yeah. We didn't even tell like my friends don't even know that.

Like we went out yesterday with, there's like 10 people, 15 people celebrating someone's birthday. And I can't, like the person I'm sitting next to you, I was just like, it doesn't mean much to them, you know, like they're going to root for me, but I can't talk like business, you know, Exactly. And just get excited together. 

It's like, Oh, like, come on. Like, I don't know. Yeah. 

Those are awesome. Yeah. So that's good. 

Well, finding a community, you know, us, but there's other people too, I'm sure that are around like Hector, that'd be a good cool guy to be able to celebrate that kind of stuff with. But point being there's a lot of good to come from community and such. I feel like I've gained more than, more than I realized. 

I wish I'd done it sooner, gotten into network and done that with others sooner. But I know we're at 502. If you guys are cool, I don't know, like another three minutes, Rick, could you show with a hiring pipeline and just show like we moved her here and this happened and this is kind of what we changed.

Would that be okay to show Courtney that? Yeah, absolutely. I'm going to get more water as you're doing that. I'm on this challenge thing of like a gallon a day.

And my bladder is not happy with me. And I just want to point out I've hired before. It's just, my thing is, okay. 

So I was in a different group and what they did was that they had a form that they would send to them so that the person doesn't waste your time. My thing is I want the form again but I don't know how to create it. And then they schedule a call on a calendar and everything.

But it sounds like Melissa, you got it like down packed. Well, I'm trying. We just automated this.

I used to have to like do it myself and talk to people. Manually. Yes. 

And they didn't listen. They don't listen to anything you say anyway. As funny as, you know, through the whole interview process, she explains to them everything that is required that they need to know.

And then when they start going through the onboarding process, they don't even ask the same questions. And it's like, that's the first thing. Like the first thing I mentioned is are you familiar with professional contract cleaner? Do you know what that means? Because some people don't want to deal with 1099.

So I have to make them understand that. And then I go from there. And it's like a whole half hour spiel and they don't even pay any attention to anything I say. 

And I'm like, what? Like, yeah, that's frustrating. Yeah, it is. Yeah.

So do you have it automated from the tutorials as well? Is that how you learn how to automate this? As far as sending out, you know, the. Like, is it connect to your Zapier? Like, let's say, so you guys do indeed too. So do I. So as soon as someone applies, is there a Zap that goes into your harvest? Yes, we actually have it only coming from our website.

So if we're on, if we're on indeed and we get an applicant that we're interested in, we'll talk to them and say, Hey, are you interested in, in learning more? And there's, if they say yes, we say apply on our website. And then that gets us, gets them into the pipeline. So we can schedule the interview and all that stuff.

So, and that's, and that's another proving ground too, for, for us, because if they don't want to take the time to make the, fill out that application on the website, then they're not worth it. What kind of questions do you ask on your application? Just like general, like you have to get insurance. Do you have a valid driver's license? Do you have your vehicle? Will you consent to a background check? How many years of professional cleaning experience do you have? Just stuff like that.

Yeah. There's a lot of, I could, I could bring up the website. Maybe.

Have you guys got the hang of harvest yet? Like all of it? Yeah. No, no. She said, do we have the hang of it? Yeah.

I use it every day, so I'm getting much better at it. I spend, I spend hours every day tweaking automations. Making it, I want everything to run perfect.

Same. I'm just, I don't have a coding background at all. Like you do. 

So. I am not a techie person at all. So in my, in my cleaner, in my hiring pipeline, I have all my active cleaners on the left side here too.

So I have them in their own little workflow, not workflow, but, but how I, how this works is if they have the tag active cleaner. Every Thursday at 5 PM, it sends out a text to them. Hey, check your schedule for the next week or two.

Make sure it's up to date. And so every Thursday at 5 PM, they all get that text. And it's an automation that's sent from, from this particular stage.

When an application comes in, we just got one about probably an hour ago. That one was just before we went on to end the call here. That's the, that's the referral.

So the, it comes in and when, if we want to schedule the interview, we just drag it to schedule an interview and it sends them an email, asking them if to call us with a good time or, or text us with a good time to call. Once, once they're interviewed, we drag them to the interviewed. And that's really, that's really just whether or not that the interview stage doesn't really do anything. 

If we decide we want to move on with them and, and, and get them in the pipeline and they want to be hired, then we move them to good candidate. And this one sends another email out and the text message asking for more information, asking for the, their, their license, a picture of their driver's license or government issue ID. And, and then also once they do that, it'll ask them for to sign the contract agreement.

And once that's signed, then it'll send, it'll, well, before that, it'll, it'll send us a notification. Hey, they filled this out. So they're ready for a background check.

So we send them a background check. If it comes back good, we put it in background check. Okay.

And then that starts the onboarding process with getting them set up with booking Koala and all that stuff. So you do have to do a little bit like, there are some things that you have to do. Like I have to move them around on the pipeline. 

I have to, I do have to send the background check. But most everything is done is now automated. So I don't have to, because before I had to do everything manually, like every single step. 

And, you know, you'll have somebody that doesn't want to fill out their paperwork for three weeks or whatever. And you have to constantly be on them. Like, so now the automated system, it does it. 

So it is, it is easier. Yeah. The automations are there's a lot to them.

And I, you know, if you put it in, if you move it into the bad candidate, it will send them an email saying, Hey, thank you for applying. We decided to move on. We're not, you know, you know, good luck in your, in the future.

And then we also put our deactivated cleaners in here. And when, since we've put this together, I have one cleaner that we use that we just recently deactivated is in here now. And that sends them an email to just, Hey, you know, thank you for working for us or whatever. 

So yeah, there's that's pretty simple, really. Just, just the automations tied to each one of these stages is huge. It does everything for us.

The only thing we can't do is the background check inside here. We have to do that manually at the, at their website. But it does save me a lot of headache or a lot of time really.

Cause then I don't have to do all that. I don't have to send all the, cause I used to have to send all those forms myself and do all that. And now the only thing that I have to do myself is the background check.

I mean, you still have to, you still have to talk to them. You still need, you know, I still interview them and, you know, try to feel out if they're a good fit, even though I'm talking for 30 minutes and they're not even paying attention, but most everything is done automatically. So that, that is nice. 

But we just started using this. We just started. My first person is almost through the hiring process in this.

So it's brand new where I'm learning how to use it. How long did it take you to set up? Probably about a week. Okay.

Just a little bit at a time. And you know, I think I had the good candidate stage. I had it.

For some reason I had, we, we added our first one into this, this justice here was it and the good candidate. And it sent every email that I. At one time. I'm like, Oh, that's not how I wanted it to happen. 

So I had to, you know, there was some bugs I had to work out, but, but it's working good now. Rick, what were the bugs? Like other than the three emails, what were the bugs? I know you like customize things to like the way that you prefer, but was there anything that was broken? Yeah. Like, yeah. 

Well, when, when, when, when you move these into the stage, it kicks off the automation. And well, I had duplicated that particular automation to do another automation. And I forgot to set the trigger to a different trigger.

So that trigger, it triggered two different things at the same time. I sent all the emails out and I didn't want to do that. Okay. 

Was there, but nothing else was like a, all right, this is like breaking it. It was just custom. No, it was definitely something that I did. 

Okay. Courtney, you should be able to use the video that's in Harvest. The big thing is really just putting in your W9 or your agreement, your background check consent thing. 

And like, I put the place to like, Hey, take your thing. You can copy ours if you want, but take it, put your name on it and put it here. The video, like in Harvest CRM, like the setup in the school classroom should show you that.

But if you have, when you do that, if you run into troubles there, then just shoot me a message and I'll like show you and walk you through it. But this'll help you be able to make the process simpler and automated. Okay. 

Question really fast. Can I copy the Zapier that you did for like the booking website so that instead of, not instead, but for hiring, it would be Indeed. So the Zap would be, Hey, Indeed, we received an application and then it goes into Harvest. 

Okay. I can probably figure that out. I'm just going to copy the template you already did and yeah, I'm trying to think of where, where, where are the forms at? Are they in payments? Documents and contracts. 

That second thing. Yeah. Yeah. 

Payments and then documents and contracts to that top tab. Do you guys, Alex, do you guys do a form too? Or do you guys don't do a form? I'm saying it's going to be templates there and under documents and contracts, Rick, do that tab again. Yeah. 

That's not the one I was, I was thinking of the survey form. It's going to be in a marketing and then it'll, there's marketing or sites. Okay. 

Not marketing. It'll be in sites then. And it'll be the form on the right side or surveys on the right side.

Forms. Here we go. There we go.

So here's the cleaner application. Yeah. This is what I, this is what I have on our website.

Thank you. That's what I was looking for. Yeah. 

So, and then this one here, I integrated it. I put it right on our web, on our website. And so they fill it out and, and hit submit and it comes in our harvest.

Yeah. So you could send them, Courtney, you could put that, take that form right there, like the top right of that. You can hit integrate and you can just send them the link to this exact form or you can put it on your website so they can go to your website and do it.

But I would send people from Indeed this form and have them fill it out. Could like do a straight zap, you know, straight from Indeed, applicant straight into the harvest. I would just put the form in there.

I feel like the form would be a simpler fix without having zaps. But yeah, if you, if you watch the video, it covers this too. So then you can, but if you have issues running into it, then yeah, I'm just like that to shoot you a message, but yeah.

Okay. Thanks. This is exactly what I was looking for. 

Okay. I can start interviews like tomorrow then. Well, not tomorrow, but definitely by next.

So Alex, you can, you can get on onto my, into my harvest, right? Yeah. I can pull it. And you can see everything that I have. 

Yeah. Okay. All right. 

I thought so. You can, you know, look in some of the automations that I have and all that. Okay. 

Thank you. Yeah. I'll check them out and see if I can see what I can, I can pull. 

That would be helpful. So appreciate that, Rick. You're awesome.

Stuff out. Okay. Awesome guys. 

This is super fruitful. This is a great, I love it. I love these calls. 

These calls are a highlight for me. I look forward to these. I do too.

Sales calls on Thursdays. Are they still going to be on Thursdays? Yeah. So Rick, you guys aren't going to be able to make Thursdays, right? So you, we can move on.

Is there available? Yeah. I think it's, is it next week? Yeah. Starting next week.

I'm not available on Thursdays. Okay. That's important.

It's real important. Okay. What day? So we've got this Wednesday call at 4 p.m. for this call.

What day would be possible for the sales call that would work for both of you, Rick and Courtney? It has to be after four, I think for Jack, because Jack is Canadian time, Canadian time. What the heck? He's in a different time zone than Central. What do you think about Mondays? Because that would get us really a good start to the week on how to handle sales calls coming up for that week.

Yeah. Yeah. We can do a 4 p.m. on Mondays. 

Let me see. Hold on. Cause I think I might have a, can we do Tuesdays? If not, I'll just be late on Mondays. 

I'll be there at like a 420. Well, 420 for you. It's 520. 

Wait, is it, are you doing New York time or Chicago? Yeah. Chicago time is his time. Yeah. 

So for, for me, it would be 5 p.m. and for you too, you're in Pennsylvania, right? Yeah. Yeah. So it would be 5 p.m. on Mondays. 

I can do. Yeah. Okay. 

Yeah. I can do, I could move it to 4 p.m. Central. On Monday, there's going to move another one, another meeting I have to 5 p.m. instead. 

Okay. So 4 p.m. Central, we'll do tomorrow's and then we'll move, I'll do like an announcement. We'll move the, it's a Mondays at 4 p.m. Central instead of Thursdays.

Okay. I won't be here tomorrow though. Okay. 

Alrighty. Rick, you'll be here tomorrow. Yeah. 

Okay. Okay. Sounds good. 

All right guys. Well, I will not see you tomorrow, Courtney, but I will see you tomorrow, Rick. And then we'll do a move to Monday next week for the next sales call.

Right? Awesome. Thank you. Perfect. 

Alrighty. See you guys. Bye.