What's up? Pretty good, how are you doing? Going good, going good. Glad you're here. I'm glad we can make it work on Wednesdays. 

Wednesdays just work better for me because Tuesdays I just unblock out the day to just work on, just work another business. Oh yeah. Yeah, how you guys doing? We're swamped. 

Don't sound so sad. Well the problem is we don't have enough cleaners. I mean we've been trying to hire enough for a couple of weeks and just nothing. 

Yep, yep I can show you something there but yeah that's I mean that's a good problem and I'm glad to hear that. Yeah. What's going on Jack? Hey Alex, the cameras looking good. 

Like the new cam on the videos too. Thanks man, yeah. A little upgrade action. 

A little upgrade going on. But yeah, we just use it for another business. Business expense, everything looks better. 

So yeah, yeah. Courtney, how's it going? Good. Good, good to hear. 

Awesome guys. Give me one sec and then we'll get rolling here. You guys were, you guys didn't hear, hear Rick. 

But Rick, how's it going? He's like, we're swamped. I was like man, you sound sad. He's like, well now I need cleaners. 

It's crazy. That's a good problem. I'm glad. 

All right, so let's see. Alrighty. Okay guys, so we've got three people, I don't think anyone else is going to be joining. 

So just going to focus on you guys here. Let's do headwinds and highlights. Okay, headwinds. 

So things you're struggling with, a big thing that you're facing as a problem and then highlight just a really good thing that happened this past week. Rick, you go first. Well, like I said, we're just, we started March, like February 28th, our revenue was at like $7,100. 

It's March 4th now and we're at $99.98. It's kind of just, we just blew up the last few days. Why is that? Yeah, a lot more Google calls, website leads that we haven't been getting before. So I think that's getting better. 

Our SEO is starting to kick in, I think. You made the changes to the Google business profile? Yeah, I haven't made, I have not done the location change yet, but I've been working on everything else and it's pretty good, I think, right now. But I might still do the location change. 

We'll see how, I want to see how this is going first. And right now we are advertising everywhere to try to get cleaners on board because we're so booked. We don't have any, we just don't have any availability left for a lot of the days. 

So it's a good problem to have, but at the same time, it's kind of nerve wracking because we're trying to grow when we can't, when we're limited right there. Yep. Yeah. 

Labor is thankfully one of the easiest ones to solve. So I've got the videos there and I'll kind of show you where they're at in case you haven't seen them, but good to hear. So Highlight is a lot more bookings in, we're getting Google business profile cooking and that's been the biggest change. 

And then Headwind is looking for more cleaners so we can scale because we got a label bottleneck. Coolio, Jack, give me the rundown. Yeah. 

So with my Headwind, a little bit of a bummer yesterday, I got a call from our client and we served him for, I think three weeks. It was a weekly, he booked a weekly clean with us at the beginning of February and he was like, I want to postpone this or I want to stop the service for now. So I gave him a call and he's like, yeah, I left the house and I came back and your cleaners were eating their lunch at the table. 

And that felt unprofessional. Nice. That's not good. 

So I don't know. I mean, I've never been a cleaner before. I don't know expectations around, the clean's not that long either. 

So I don't know what expectations are around. Like I can see his side, I can see my cleaner's side who had just come from another clean and the customer wasn't home. So maybe she thought now would be an opportune time to try and get a quick bite in before she finishes the rest of the clean. 

But yeah, I don't know. And I kind of feel the question, what would you guys do in a circumstance like this? Would you address it with your cleaner and say that's completely unacceptable or yeah. Cool. 

Yeah. We'll get into that. So Ted, give me a highlight. 

Wasn't really the best week, honestly. I guess highlight is we're starting to interview VAs and we had three interviews today and all very professional people. So I'm not sure if we're going to be moving forward with anything yet, but that trying to systematize the business has been one thing that we've been wanting to do for a long time. 

And we've taken a stride in that by just setting up interviews. Awesome. Good stuff there, dude. 

I'll hit you offline because I just got off a call with Rashawn. We trained a VA for two months and he needs a VA. So like, Hey, you can take this VA. 

And then we just hired or not. Yeah. We did hire another part-time VA, but we have three more going through our sales and those.

So not that you might not find an incredible VA, but it's a thing there. And then what we're doing for that, I told Rashawn as well, there's a way, I don't want to run a whole VA agency business. What I am happy to do is bring a VA on, train a VA part-time and then place them elsewhere and do like, Hey, you have to commit to being in the school for six months or 12 months.

Your VA can use a school. It will also give you our SOPs that we have for you to be able to use, because they're going to be using our SOPs basically and using our system. But we can talk offline about that, but that's what I just did with Rashawn. 

Gotcha. Okay. Yeah, no, that sounds something I'd be interested in. 

Yeah. Cool. Awesome. 

Courtney, Hedwin, highlights. I might just want to say congrats to Rick and Melissa, they kicked butt. So Hedwin is, well, I'm going to start with positivity first. 

So I have a question for you. Another client came back to us and the school starts this week. I go in tomorrow for the virtual office. 

Funny enough, we've been in business so long, they just told me to pre-record it. So it's not even live. I was like, okay, I thought it was going to be live. 

So cool. Google said that? Yeah. Okay. 

Like on my actual, where it says verify, it's just like pre-record the call. Yeah. So they give that to everyone. 

What you want to do, and I have it laid out in the module, is to ask them for a live call. The reason being is that if you do the pre-recording, you send it, it'll take four or five days for them to get back to you. And then they will deny it almost inevitably for some small thing. 

You just don't know why, even if you swear you follow it to a T. And then they don't give you feedback. And then you'd have to submit again. So the office here that I actually have a space in, the lady at the front desk had someone get denied four times. 

And she was like, Alex, I know you got verified within 10 minutes. Can you help this guy? And so now she's sending me people to help with that. So big thing there, that was a live call. 

So you reach out in the module, it gives you that. If you already submitted it, cool, whatever, they'll get back to you, but chances are you're going to get denied. So the live call is just the best way to go.

And I walk you through, you email them, you open the support ticket, you give this, they give you the live call option once you open the support thing and email them. But yeah, I just don't want you to be out here a week later and go, we got denied. I don't know why.

That's the solution to that. Tell everyone just do the live video. All right. 

And that's in the module you said? Yeah. Yeah. Like how to do all that and ask for a live video.

Can I ask for a live video for ASAP tomorrow? Because I'm doing it tomorrow. Okay. Yeah. 

I had them within 24 hours, they gave me the option. All right. And Hedwin would be hiring as usual for me, but March looks really good.

So I do need to hire. I'm excited. That's great. 

Yeah. I just pulled up my laptop here because I made a video for the, when we were on that call with Rishon, Rishon showed the hiring workflow and I was like, Hey, I'll put it into your account. So I did put it into your account and I'm going to put it into everyone else's as well. 

And then I made it a bit easier and templatized as well, where you can go ahead and put your, I just, I'll show you guys real quick. Let me see that. So everyone's so entertained by me going through this boring process. 

Okay. So you need to work here. All right. 

So push it to yours. So if you go to your opportunities and then you go to hiring pipeline right here. So you just go up here, hiring pipeline, and then you move them across here. 

And so it's very simple. So when you receive an application, it goes here. When you want to schedule an interview, you put it here. 

When you want to, when you've actually interviewed someone, you put them here and then you go, okay, do I want to move forward with them or are they a bad candidate? So then you drag them to bad candidate here and this sends them a rejection letter. And so say you're not a good fit, reconsider in the future. If it's a good candidate, you send them here and then it will ask them for their documents, their driver's license, tell them to fill out a W-9, ask for insurance. 

And then once they've given all that information back, you move them to onboarded, sends them like a cleaner handbook and those sort of things. So all the automations and those things are in hiring pipeline. So these are all here. 

So in these, like the draft ones, especially like these are like, read them first. So it just tells you like, you need to use your links. Refer to the video walkthrough, which I have right here. 

I'm going to upload it at the end of this call. But like your subcontractor agreement is different than mine, right? It's like, you need to send your subcontractor agreement, not ours. So you need to upload yours and send it and that sort of thing. 

So that whole process is in a video. It's like eight minutes on how to set up the hiring pipeline. And so like I said, I'll just upload that. 

Any questions you have or anything that's not clear, then just message the group school so I can answer it for everyone there. But that isn't there now. So shout out Rashawn for that. 

Awesome. Thanks. Absolutely. 

Nicole. Hi, so yeah, I've been super busy lately getting a lot of things done. On Monday, I did my Google video. 

I'm still waiting to hear back from them, hopefully within this week or maybe early next week. And then I set up my domain for like a different email address. But I had to email Google because it said that it was like already in use, even though I had already bought the domain. 

So I kind of have to figure that one out. And then I'm trying to think. And then I finally set up like all the automated messages and asked all my clients for their emails and everything. 

So I've been kind of in a process of like messaging all my clients and working through all that. And yeah, and then made. So I was doing all of that last night. 

Kind of takes a while just to get everything set up. Yeah. So I've kind of just been working on a lot and I have a lot more when I get home to input into the computer. 

And I came to realize that. I was right. I came to realize that I have been scheduling certain people for like monthly and every three weeks. 

And I realized that's why I'm having like scheduling issues. So I'm going to move to like every two weeks and every four weeks or weekly, because the three weeks, I think, is what's throwing it off and why I'm so confused with timing and stuff. So and then, of course, unfortunately, I have two three week clients and one of them will go to monthly. 

They were OK with it. But the other person, I just said I'll keep her for now because I don't want to get like I don't want her to drop me. But she said she would have to find somebody else because she two weeks is too soon before weeks isn't enough or it's too long. 

So I said it'll be OK for now. But like within the near future, I'm going to have to if she can't do four weeks or two weeks, I'm going to have to eventually let her go. Sure. 

Yeah, there's a bit of difficulty there. But good on you. Very nice.

So my one of my questions when you were talking about all the stuff you're saying to the cleaners everything, is that in one of the courses in there of like what everything you need to ask for them? How is it set up on your end? Is it like an automated thing when like, you know, you find somebody and it just sent them like the same text message saying I need this, this, this and this and then need you to sign this, this and this? Or how do you go about that? Yes, it's just an automation to get that information. So the minute that they you say like you've interviewed them and then you go, hey, I need your idea. I need all this.

You move them to that next stage and then it sends them like upload this, upload this, upload this, upload this. And you can see on your end when they upload it, it's all in one place. And then you move them to the next stage because you have all the information and it sends them like, here's your cleaner handbook. 

Here's the info you need to know and that sort of thing. So yeah, that's how that works there. Is it like a docusign for them to just sign through online? Similar to DocuSign. 

We were paying for DocuSign until we realized that our CRM actually has that capability inside of the CRM. So we got to stop paying for DocuSign, which was great. So for me then, is there something in the module that could help me with like sending that to them and getting them to sign it out? Because I think that's just what I'm confused with is like exactly what I need to ask for for them. 

And I don't want to have to meet up for them to sign it in person. It'd be easier, obviously, for them to just sign it online. Sure. 

Yeah, I can put it in the labor module of the documents that you need from cleaners. But I can just lay it out right now. If you guys do anything different, then let me know. 

But we get there. What you need from cleaners. Then we get a W-9. 

We get a subcontractor agreement. We get a background check approval. We can run a background check on them. 

And then we get just photo ID front and back. And I'm assuming there's not a way I could ask for it all in one place and automatically because I'm not in that CRM? Yeah, you'd have to use like a DocuSign or a CRM, which I mean, in the beginning, like all of us, I think just like send stuff over email or have them fill out a thing, print it out and take a picture sort of thing. But yeah, just so you don't have another recurring thing that you don't need right now because you have a bunch of leads coming in. 

But do you guys do anything else? W-9, subcontractor agreement, background check approval, and photo ID? And insurance? Insurance. Do you, are they required to like add you on to the insurance or no? They just need proof that they have it? No, they just, they have their own insurance. So, okay. 

So I want to go around and do big questions like that. Like if you could solve like one small thing or one big thing that we can knock out, like how that would, you know, just what would impact your business the most. Jack, I know you have the cleaners question of what to do there. 

So we'll get back on that. And then Courtney and Rick, I know we have the hiring question, but I just want to go around and get like one, like if we could solve this problem in the next 40 minutes, like that would be a really, like that would really push us forward. So if you don't have anything, then cool. 

Don't feel like you have to make something up, but Rick, do you have anything that's like a, if we could solve this, that would change things for us? I have a, I do have a weird question. It's not really like a procedural question or anything, but has anybody else here using Google workspace for their email? That's how I have my domain set up for, I use Google workspace, but I'm thinking about switching the email to a shared inbox, email box. So because we have issues with signing on because Melissa tries to sign on and she can't because it's asking my phone for approval, you know, stuff like that. 

So I want to know, would there be any issue with the Harvest CRM sending emails through a shared inbox? When you say sending emails through a shared inbox, you mean connecting your, at your domain through Harvest CRM? Yeah, it would be, yeah, like, like, support at my domain.com as a shared inbox and having, having the CRM send emails as that address. But that, that should work fine, shouldn't it? Yeah. Yeah. 

There's no issues there. I can send you the article on it. Jack, did we go through this for you or did we go through it for someone else? I think we went through it for Andy. 

Yeah, I don't think so. Not cool. Yeah, we did it for Andy where we just like, here's the thing. 

And then Elijah just set it up in our own for the full year. Basically every email that came from our CRM was the faithful, the faith, the dash faithful dash cleaners at Miss gender. So you can set that up and Harvest CRM. 

Like I said, you can see the article and Elijah can help through the technicals. But yeah, it's like a step one to 10 on the Google workspace thing for like needing someone else's phone to log in. There should be a way to make an option where there's like another verified with like them to this email. 

Yeah. So it'd be possible through there. But yeah, we use Google workspace as well.

Like we have our domain through GoDaddy and then Google workspaces are actual, like, you know, who uses that domain. So you just connect the connect that the DNS record stuff to that's how I have it set up now this that way. But and I also have like a lc.domain.com as my email connector for for Harvest. 

So that works fine. I just want to make sure that it's going to send emails from a shared shared email address. So if that's the case, I'm going to switch that. 

Yeah, other than that, I'm, I've been I've been really, really, I've been spending the last few days just working on the workflows, trying to get those customized for what I like and what I want to do. I didn't like not having a way to to win back recurring customers on how your workflows are set up. So I made that I made a change there. 

And it seems to be working okay. What was the what was the gap or like what was missing you felt like there? Well, they had you had the one time follow up, right? So if it's wait 60 days, and if it's a one time clean up for 60 days, I'll email them back and say, Hey, do you want to, you know, come back? Well, if I have a recurring that hasn't cleaned in 60 days, I want them to get the same email. And so I made it I made a change to where the the workflow uses both of them, the recurring and the one time.

Okay. The Okay, so you have recurring people that haven't gotten a clean in 60 days is what you're saying? Yeah, like somebody that that may have canceled. Okay, so they're just not in the canceled stage. 

So that's where I would because the thing is, if you put everyone for recurring in the workflow, then all your existing actual recurring people will then get an email saying you have a credit, which is okay, you can change that. What I made is that that says anytime there's a booking charge, it updates that booking date on the customer contact in the in the CRM. And then that booking date, that's what it looks at to determine whether or not it's been 60 days.

Gotcha. Okay. Yeah, I think the the way that we have done it is you move them to like if they cancel, then they move to Yeah, they move to canceled. 

And then those are people that we can reengage and do long term follow up in those. So okay, that's a unique way to do it. Very nice.

So that's what I'm doing is I'm using that long term follow up that you have now for for all of my lost bookings. I want I'm set, I set up the other one, the new follow up is for like, it's called my VIP follow up for people that have had a booking before. And so they get special consideration. 

Very nice. Okay. Is there like a big, I know you said the email one, but you have like a big, I know you said the hiring issues or anything other than that, that's like, that would be really key to get solved today. 

Do you think anything? Well, I think somebody else mentioned this booking koala will double book you. There's nothing we can do to fix that. Is that like a three week and the four week thing? Well, it just like it overbooked it will it will tell you that somebody is available, even if they're on like a team clean. 

Like, you know, so it double books people all the time. And I have to go in like, at least every couple weeks and make sure somebody is not double or triple book like it just it doesn't know the difference. If somebody is in a team, it does not consider them still available. 

It's my biggest problem when I schedule because I have to go back in and make sure that nobody's overbooked or double booked. Yeah, so let me share my screen just kind of see if that's I don't think we create teams. We just put two providers together. 

So like, if I just look at someone that's got just like next week, someone with two. Okay, so like Lonnie has Tiara and Hannah on it. So it will show. 

Yeah, so it shows it on both of their schedules. So then when we're booking someone, we just we're looking at the calendar, we have our booking screen open, and then we look at the calendar. And then like, if you want to see if someone's double booked, and I'm just, you know, looking here, and then I just look for that open space, but I don't use a teams thing. 

I just use like a I'm assigning two providers here. But I mean, it is just part of like, scheduling is that part of our SOP for the VAs is that like this week, right now, our VAs are looking at next week going, are we double booked anywhere? So like, they're supposed to come in here. And so like, right now, this person's double booked. 

It's just part of the job is like, hey, this is like, I don't have to worry about this, because I know they're going to spot it out and go they got to move mark, or they're going to move to via, right, and then everything else should be pretty aligned, or there's not. Yeah, there's no other things. But yeah, it's just kind of one of those, like you need to do it Friday night or the week before and get ahead of it. 

So you don't end up as part of the advantage of the VA is just taking care of those things. So we had situations where like two days before, and we're like, we did not check if we were double booked. And then we're, you know, now we have to figure something out. 

And it's two days out. So yeah, that's what we do there. Okay. 

That's all. Is there a way to do set up team cleans of paired providers without making them a team? Yeah, I don't know how to even make a team. I mean, the way that we do it is like, we're adding someone and we just put the provider here somewhere. 

I haven't even been because it'll only let us pick one provider or a team, it won't let us put two providers in. I mean, we just here, like I assigned this provider, and then I just pair this provider, I can't see your screen, I'm not sure what you're doing. So in here, when you're making the booking, you assign a provider. 

So you're like, I'm gonna sign Erica. And then I'm gonna pair. I wonder if we have that? I think we do. 

I think we do. Yeah. So you pair providers, and then it fixes the whole I don't have any teams like that's the this is how I do it. 

So that's what's all that for you guys. So you're not double booked, it's all weird. So I just delete your teams and just have individual providers. 

And when you need to pair two people or three people, just do the pair provider thing, and you can adjust each person's rates. It's when you're in booking koala, you got to put everybody as individuals, that's the only way you can pair them. If you pair them as a team, like if you just do team, it'll always have them in a team. 

So you have to put everybody in individually. Okay, I have to really look at how that's working. And hopefully fix that issue. 

Yeah, yeah, that'll fix it for you guys. Cool. Courtney, one big thing I know the hiring thing, what's like the big question or big thing we could like, fix? I don't have anything. 

I just got to fix that module. So I could be up for that call tomorrow at 12. Because that's when the guys available. 

So yeah, let me double check here and just make sure that the proper things I'm thinking are in there. Because I know I've created it. It's just what I'm about to put in here. 

So okay, yeah, so this is it right here. Yeah, so I'm gonna watch it and then get it together for tomorrow. Yeah, I just talked to someone that spent a full month going back and forth, back and forth with Google. 

And then this just solves it. So cool. Yeah. 

All right. And the hiring thing, like I said, I'll upload that video and you'll be able to efficiently hire. Thank you. 

Yeah. Yeah. Oh, let's answer that question for you, Jack. 

I'm curious of going around, I can tell you what I would do. So I actually personally was on a clean with like, second clean or third clean with this new cleaner, exactly nine months ago. And we're working, this one's crazy. 

And she knew I was like, co owner. And we're working, we do this whole doing this house. And then she finishes our areas. 

I'm going back through checking our areas. And I'm like, this is kind of here, like we need to do a better job here, here and here. And she's like, Okay, like, and I was like, Okay, I guess I'll just do it then. 

And she sits down on their couch and starts eating her food that she brought with her. And the client had just left the house to go and like, take the kid to practice or whatever. And I was like, Okay, so I mean, not to like, I'm not above anything. 

But at the same time, like, I'm one of the owners, and you're sitting on the couch eating while I'm going over and fixing your work. Like, yeah, no, it's a little backwards, right. And then what's funny is then I just knew she wasn't gonna be fixed. 

I was like, she's in a rough situation. I've got a big heart. And she was in a rough situation, just moved here, all these things. 

And so her husband dropped her off. And this is like a far queen for us. And like, I live here, the queen was here, and she lives like all the way like over here. 

And so her husband drove her all the way here. I drove here to do this clean and like, check her out, basically. And then I picked like, I took her from this clean and drove her all the way home. 

And then back, not because we really needed to clean down. But I was like, I'm going to help this lady at the far queen. It's how bad she needs it, you know, is that she's going to make this work. 

And then just in the car to just like, speaking on speaker out loud. Yeah, whoever she's talking to. And I was like, this isn't gonna last long. 

And funny, not to in any way be mean, but kind of funny. That's just one of the stories you can kind of look back at. But like, we had a client that said, please get this clean out of my home because she smells bad. 

And I was like, okay, I kind of don't know what to do about this. Because I don't really know how to tell someone that they stink, you know, and to stop cleaning. But we had she had a close friend that was also clean for us. 

That's how she got on board. And that friend that she had, that was a great cleaner for us to take her places. I told that friend, I was like, Look, I understand she's a bad situation. 

But she's got a she's like, I don't know how to tell a grown woman to like put on deodorant and like take a shower. And I was like, Well, shoot, I don't know either. So if you really wanted to clean with us, it needs to be done. 

She really went and bought like deodorant stuff for sort of do it. I had another situation where like this guy called his client called me he felt so bad. He was just like, Dude, I'm so sorry to tell you this. 

I don't want to be rude. But there's a smell in our house that's like lingering and it's worse. And I think it's from one of your cleaners. 

And I was just like, like, so we it sucks. But we just like you can't do this. You know, if you can't take care of yourself, you know, it's just looks bad on us. 

But we still have that client to this day, which is funny. But anyways, I've gone through sucky situations with cleaners. That situation doesn't feel like one that's like, get rid of them. 

Or like, wow, a really big oopsie. It's just like, I understand, you know, just leveling with the client, and then telling the cleaners, hey, like, hit like a food court, like hit somewhere like with a microwave or something like you can stop by my house and microwave your food. You know, you can ask a client if I can microwave, you know, real quick, but don't eat, like in their house, like asking you microwave as you're leaving and then leave the house and eat in your car, you know, but a little slap on the wrist is probably where I'd go with that. 

And I'd really apologize to the client and go like, Hey, look, like, I understand like the girls running between, you know, we talked to them. We love to earn your business. We love to like apply, you know, understand some professional applied discount. 

Do you have other cleaners go? I'd love to have other clearance, but sounds like you really love their cleaning. It just was that one thing. Like if you be willing to give us a chance again, you know, like I would just level with the client and be like that. 

And like, the worst you can say is, no, I don't want cleaning anymore. I don't want cleaning. That's the worst that can happen, Jack. 

But the best that can happen is he goes, man, I did love their cleaning. You're right. And like, I understand, you know, people are human, and it's not gonna happen again.

I like you, Jack. Like, I feel like you guys, you know, you take care of me. And like, yeah, like, you know, I'm willing to do that. 

That's the, you know, that's the best that could happen. But the worst thing is they go like, no, I already told you now. So like, I would, I would give it another run at that client, especially a weekly one, dude.

Yeah. Okay. No, that's good advice. 

And I spoke with him for 25 minutes. The first time after he called me, he's like, Wow, where'd you find this lady? Like, she's incredible. Like, trying to understand the business in a way and just kind of talk with them, subscribe to his YouTube channel. 

I've tried to build rapport with him thinking it was a good thing going. And then he's like, told me he's like, yep, canceling. Don't like her anymore.

She was eating at my house. Okay. All right, brother. 

I'm like, Okay, I can get you a new cleaner. I'm happy to do that. Like, you know, I was like, just don't want it right now. 

So I'll try again in a week or so. Yeah. And just give like a preview of some time. 

Okay, we'll do cleaning or we'll take a discount, you know, as an apology sort of thing. But yeah, any bad situation or sucky thing like that happens, like you really just want to get on the same side of the table. Because like in that situation, right, and this is Elijah just had a call yesterday.

And he's like, Hey, where do we put the call recordings of like having to deal with an upset client? And I was like, Oh, we should make like just a module for that. But I mean, we had a with, or it's like a, now it's, we got a quote, it's like a $650 mistake of one of the subcontractors, they like scratched up the window glass or the shower glass in a $2 million home. And the glass has to be replaced. 

And so when the client calls, you know, and our cleaners just denying it and yada, yada. And that call is like a great call. So like, we'll upload it. 

But you always want to get on the same side table. So Elijah, here's what the client's saying. And goes, and she's like, I just can't believe I like I understand it's a mistake, but like she has to take ownership of it.

And Elijah is just like, I totally agree with you. Like this is unacceptable. Like this should never have happened. 

Like, you shouldn't have to go through this, like, just coming alongside and shoulder to shoulder, like the with the upset client with a bad with a just upset client, right? Because sometimes you just screw up. It's just part of the business. But like, you cannot be like, on the other side of the table with upset client, it's just gonna be a problem. 

Like you as quick as you can, you get on the same on the same side of the table. And you're both looking at the situation going, gosh, like, I just I can't, I can't even imagine like, I'm, I'm, I'm in disbelief that this happened. You know, like, I'm so sorry, like, and thank you for like, and for how kind is another good one. 

Like, thank you for, for just like, just being honest with me. And just like being so kind and patient, like, you shouldn't have to deal with this. Nobody wants to deal with this. 

Like, I'm, I'm so sorry. I just, I really appreciate it. Tell me more. 

Like, I mean, oh, you know, like you just you're, you're on the same side, you're working together as a team. And like any situation you go through, like, understanding that is going to help you out a lot. Like you do not want to be on other side of the table as them and them talking at you and you defending and talking at them, same side of the table, you both are problem solving together and you're assuring her you're reaffirming your, oh my gosh, that sucks. 

You don't go like, well, it's not that big of a deal. Right? Like, I mean, no, like you're on the same side and with a client that's really angry. I don't know if you guys told you guys this, but like there's a video on this called something like the angry boat, but with a client that's like angry, we, we, it's this thing and he says that only one person can be in the angry boat, only one person. 

And so you basically have to kick them out of the angry boat by being more angry than them. So for example, you like, imagine I just got my, my tires changed. This is going to drive me crazy. 

Please focus on me. Imagine I just got my, my tires changed and I go back to the shop and like, they're there, they've messed up one of the tires. Right. 

And like, it's like scrap scratched or something. Right. I walk into the tire shop and I say, you guys messed up my tire. 

It's scratched. I paid for this. I can't like, I better, you guys better fix this. 

If the guy across the counter, like if I'm angry at this guy across the counter goes, Oh sir, sorry. We didn't mean to do that. I'm like, I don't care. 

You didn't mean to do this. Like someone that's just like intent on being angry. It's much better for if I walk in angry, if the tire, the guy at the front desk goes, are you kidding me? They messed up your tire. 

Let me see it. Oh my, I'm going to, I'm going to, this is, this is unreal. I cannot believe that, sir. 

I'm so sorry. Let me like, we're going to fix this and I might fire the guy. I might just fire it. 

Who, who did it? All of a sudden I'm like, Oh no, no, no. Like you don't have to fire. I'm like, I'm sure it's a mistake. 

You know, like what we still need to like, he jumped, he, I was an angry boat walking in and he jumped in the anger boat and kicked me out and now he's more angry than me. And now I'm like, I'm, I'm, I'm like, no dude, it's not that big of a deal. Right? So like, if you deal with a really like amped up like person like this, like what is this dude on, you know, like you actually, it's actually better for you to kick, like be more angry, kick him out of the anger boat.

I've done this like very rare you do with like angry client, but probably two or three times were like, I just basically like let the cleaner, I cannot believe that cleaner did what she did. What did you get one job? Oh my God. And then the cleaner's like, no, well she was really nice.

You know, I'm like, no, but like, she should know. And she's like, no, I'm sure she made a mistake. And then it, everything from there, you're able to what's how can I, you get what I'm saying? You diffuse it. 

It's weird. You diffuse it by like amplifying it. And then they start like bringing you back down. 

So not that this is that situation, but just to give you guys a little bit of like, this is a very unique and it's a way that I honestly haven't seen. I haven't, everyone that I know, I know like a lot of sales guys and business guys that like share that with, and that have used that from Alex Ramosi, like they don't, they're like, it's freaking great. It's so, it's so fun to watch, honestly, when someone's like talking themselves down, talking you down.

No. So. Okay, great. 

So yeah, no, that's really helpful advice. Yeah. Same side of the table. 

And if you feel like you just can't get someone with, you feel like that personality is just going to just fight you, then like, and they're in the anger boat, just jump in the anger boat real quick and like be more angry than them. Then they'll talk down, like you, you'll both get talked down and then you can be on the same side from there. So great. 

I'm going to break this camera. Okay. What else are kind of top of mind things that we have? Nicole, I didn't ask you what's like big solution, big question we can answer that would, I'm going to break this thing, dude. 

Nicole, are you there? Oh, hold on. Can you hear me? Yep. There you are.

I'm not sure if I can think of one, but you're saying like biggest struggle is all you're saying? Yeah, just like one question, one, one specific thing we can problem solve right now that would be really big for you. I think I have the same text to the same cleaner, so that it's more like professional and not just like me packing something different to each one. So I would like to eventually maybe somehow set up something automated for them because obviously when I'm growing, I'm going to have more cleaners too. 

So I would like to, uh, when do you think is a good time to like have the CRM? Like at what point do you think I would need one? Yeah. I mean, most people would say, Hey, give me your money. You need it right now.

Right. I just don't genuinely think you need it. I think once you have leads coming in and you're struggling to be able to manage the leads that you have and the people asking and reaching out, once you turn on marketing, then that's when I would go, Hey, you're losing money by not properly following up with all these people asking you for cleanings and checking in with people that reached out a day ago, but didn't respond. 

And I've got eight more this week and they had 10 last week. You feel like you're a little bit scatterbrained and you're, you're losing track and you're not following up how you need to. That's when I would say the time is for a CRM, right? I know a bunch of people they're paying like 500 to a thousand dollars a month in software stuff and they hardly have any queens. 

Right. And that's, you just don't want to be in that situation. Right. 

So yeah, that's what I would say there. Um, Courtney, Rick, I want to show you guys Are you able to hear me? I don't know if you guys have gone through this. I am now. 

I wasn't before. Oh, sorry. Could you hear me? You're kind of breaking up your connections, like breaking up pretty bad. 

Try to get some better wifi or got side or something, but I'm going to, let me show Rick and Courtney this. And then if you have better connection, we'll go through it. But, um, on the finding cleaner side, this is actually went, did this on the call with Nicole, but it took me less than 10 minutes to find a cleaner. 

So, um, watch this video. It was a great way to find cleaners. Essentially you're going to Google maps, zooming in really far and then finding cleaners that way that already have anywhere like less than 10 reviews, probably all Google business profiles, no website, call them, ask them if they're still cleaning. 

I would literally do it and like bring a cleaner on. And these seven minutes, it was the first person I called. Sorry. 

I think I have better. So that's one way. Okay. 

Yeah. That's definitely something we haven't done. Yeah. 

This one is, this one's great. The other one that I would do is, um, we've always used indeed and use their like free sponsor, like boost to posting. And our VA was like, Hey, like a lot of these leads or all of these people applying just aren't good fits. 

And I was great. Just put, you know, a hundred bucks behind the Indeed post to that. And in like two days we have like 80 people reach out and there was a lot of good, like just qualified people. 

So, um, we just brought on two new people from the Indeed posts that we boosted. So I would just boost Indeed posts as far as what we put in the Indeed posts. This is exactly what we put. 

So you could copy paste this. Uh, my screen just disappeared, but it's in that, that labor module. So Indeed posts boosting that, and then using that other one of how to find cleaners in 10 minutes, following that and just doing that. 

I have literally found one in that like timeframe. We'll get on that starting tomorrow. Thank you.

I don't, can you hear me now? Yeah. I also think something that helped me, I had found one girl is I did a Facebook like job post who I think also helped me. I found a girl from there. 

Very nice. Very nice. Um, Q and a, I guess just general, um, Jack, Courtney, Rick, Nicole, what are, we got 12 minutes here and I don't want to just, you know, blab. 

I'm really good at that, but it's not great for you guys all the time. Um, being new to this CRM, I've been through the CRM modules that you guys have in the school. I was wondering how the workflow typically looks. 

Um, if there's more resources or maybe Rick, it sounds like you have experience in this CRM and I don't know how you knew you are. We're just in the process of still getting onboarded now. Um, but I'm wondering how it looks like on the mobile phone. 

Like I don't find it very intuitive on the mobile app. I don't find it like what quo was per se, or like an iMessenger app by any means it's has its quirks to it. So I think there's some getting used to there, but also just the workflow. 

Like when, when something comes in, are you always, do you always have the CRM open throughout the day? Um, or is this something that you kind of just open up once you have a lead come in or you need to respond to someone? Um, yeah, I leave it, I leave it open all, I leave it open all the time, but I have three screens going on. So, okay. Yeah. 

So our VA literally has, our VA literally has the CRM open and then has booking Koala, like on a tab available. And then, um, we'll have thumbtack on a tab because if the lead comes in, you want to be able to respond there as well. Cause it gives you like a good response rate, but like CRM, the, um, booking Koala. 

And then, uh, we actually have have notion as well. Cause there's like task boards and stuff there, like in downtime, but, uh, and then they have discord as well. So that's just communication with cleaners and those sorts of things. 

But literally CRM open at all times. Um, like that's, that's your, your work points as far as on the phone. Um, you're not going to see workflows. 

You're not going to see, you'll be able to see like the stage of the pipeline someone is in, but you just have messages. So if I just pull up like our go high level on the phone, I can see, these are all the most recent messages that have come out on notifications and messages. Yeah. 

And then the messages here, if you need it, say it again, Rick. I said, that's the best thing to use a mobile app for is, is a communication when you need it. And that's, that's really about it.

Yeah, it's not nearly. I mean, it's that you, you, it's really hard to book a clean and try to look on your phone and try to look at your calendar. And it's much easier to do it on your laptop or whatever device you're using. 

The phone just doesn't. Yeah. I want to make a suggestion too. 

On one of our screens, we actually have a split screen with two booking quality browsers up. So one with the schedule, one where we can book, make a new booking. So we can look at the schedule and make a new booking at the same time.

And that's what helps me not to double book. Great. Oh, great suggestion.

On the phone, what I do is I will basically same thing. So we did a lot of like just on the go where I wasn't at the computer. So we have a call come in through Harvest or we'd have, you know, text and I need to call someone. 

So I just get notification on the phone and then basically exactly what they said, where I'm on the phone talking to them. And then I always had these headphones all the time. And if I didn't have these, then I would throw the person on speaker and I would say, walk them through the script. 

And then I would just have the actual calendar open so I can look at, you know, talking through what day exactly are you looking for? Oh, I'm looking for next week. I'm like, okay, next week, what day are you thinking? And then I would just go ahead. I'm already have like on this tab, I've got our week and I'm just going through and going like Erica, like where is Erica's available time? So I can see her available times.

And then I'm just popping over into the other tab where I have their, obviously this isn't the booking quality thing, but I have their booking where I'm making a booking right now. And you can just pop over to like, what's my availability? Like, let me check my availability real quick. Okay. 

I've got to stay available. Does this work or does this work? Okay, cool. And so I can see my availability here on booking quality. 

I can see the booking that making on booking quality and the other tab. And then like, you can't do that when you're doing this and doing that. So speaker or these are just freaking phenomenal. 

So you're just walking and talking because I'm talking to them as I'm here and I'm not having to worry about sound or anything. So that's like the on the go formula, I guess. Right.

That tab that you have open, is that the provider availability tab or is that just their bookings and you kind of memorize what their availability is through that? No. So you would go to, like, you're going to booking quality and you're going to dashboard and you go to calendar view. And then I look at the week. 

So I'm looking at the week here and I'm going in the week down here. There's providers. So you just like, this is my full calendar, but like for availability, I'm going to select a provider and I'm going to say Hannah's got a morning. 

So I've got a morning here on Tuesday and then I've got a Tuesday afternoon, a Wednesday afternoon. Which one works better for you? None of those work. Okay. 

Let me see what else I've got here. I've actually got, there's a Friday afternoon work. Yeah. 

Friday afternoon works great. Pop into the tab, Friday afternoon, that cleaner. Got it. 

Okay. Great. Yeah. 

So this is another setting. I don't know if you guys know about this one, but when you are in booking Koala, you can go in here. Like the way I like to do it is doing that, the provider thing. 

Right. But another way people would do it is you go to settings, general store options and store options here. You can go to, how do you manage the colors in your admin booking calendar? So you can say provider based. 

So I can see my calendar here. There's kind of a way to see like, has anyone double booked like really quickly to then go to my calendar and I can see, is anybody double booked? So I can see here, there's no colors overlapping like right now. So like if I look at this week, none of these are overlapping, nothing's overlapping, nothing's overlapping. 

You said, how do I put the week together? Yeah. I mean, I can't, I can't see the whole week. I have to scroll left to right to see the whole week. 

I wanted to have for that. Might be just cause I have a bigger screen, but if you, if you hit week, I mean, if you hit month, then it looks different. And it's still that way.

Weird. Maybe I have sidebar here. So maybe it's that I'm not really sure. 

Yeah. I should show you this. Like I see this one here, like this one here, these are double booked. 

So this one needs to move. See two weeks out, how our team's doing. This one's cutting it close. 

So it probably needs to be earlier. This one's cutting it close. So Matt needs to move earlier or we need a second cleaner. 

So yeah, that's just kind of how I'm able to quickly see. But once again, like I don't like this, like Jacob, a buddy of mine likes this, but he has about 20 to 30 cleanings a day. So this is how he's not going to go through, click all of these or his VAs are, they just look at the colors and they see all the colors, you know, or is anything, you know.

Can I share my screen? Can I share my screen? All right. Let me check. Let me let's figure this out here. 

I think it's no sound. That's what mine looks like. And that's a 24 inch screen.

I see. Okay. So right next to week right there, there's says month, week, day list. 

And then there's sidebar vertical horizontal. So hit sidebar there. Oh, and the vertical sidebar sidebar. 

Ah, there we go. I don't know how you're doing that horizontal. I've never even seen, honestly, I didn't know vertical and horizontal were options.

Why are they an option? Yeah. Yeah. You were dealing with a nightmare, dude.

Exactly. All right. So yeah, so I would cut the teams there so I can see your teams there. 

Like cut all the teams and just pair those providers and then you won't have a problem anymore. Yeah. Oh, by the way, I have to figure out, I got to find out where the pair allow provider to be paired setting is because apparently that's turned off on mine. 

That's why I can't do that. I've never seen pairing. I've never seen the pairing option. 

Yeah. And yeah. And then let me see if there's a thing there. 

Do the like top left, like ad booking, like you're creating a new, a new thing. Yeah. No, not there. 

Not there. Do the, yeah. Do very top left. 

The very, very, very top. On here? No, right here. Ad booking.

Well, no. Okay. So scroll down and then go here. 

Scroll down to, okay. Right there. Scroll up a schedule, hit the select date. 

Select what? Select date. You put the wrong thing. Oh, okay. 

Okay. So I select a date. And then. 

Okay. Now hit it. And there's nobody available.

And I hit this one. Yeah. Hit the checkbox. 

Yeah, but. On that provider. Yeah. 

They're not available. You just need to change the availability, but hit the checkbox. Yeah. 

That's what I'm saying is, is, is if I select it and pair. And then hit pair provider again. And then.

Oh, here's my check. This is what I went into check availability. And yeah. 

So you just got to, there's some setting that you need to change for availability. I think, I think this might be it is that your providers. Okay. 

So go back to your dashboard. Like exit out of there. Go back to like your calendar.

This is what I was looking for a provider that provider is not enabled for pairing. That's what I have to end that enabling. So that's what I got to do. 

Yeah. Go back to your dashboard, your yeah. Your dashboard top left. 

And then calendar view. And then hit, just hit like autumn or just hit someone do week and then hit go back. Instead of do that, hit the checklist and then hit the week and then sidebar. 

There's got to be a setting in there where that can automatically go to sidebar instead of hit autumn, hit autumn again, hit autumn again. Okay. So she's got her timing or her availability mark there. 

So that's good. So yeah, there's just a setting somewhere that says that she's not, I would imagine it's just providers and then you just go. Yeah. 

I just make teams. I make teams and then I just add them. So there's autumn and, and, and, and a team and those two right there. 

So there's a, that's, that's, I've been making teams. So, but when I, what this team doesn't show, it doesn't synchronize with the availability of, of autumn by herself. So it still shows. 

Yeah. Yeah. Cut all the, cut all the teams and then have the, uh, I gotta learn. 

I gotta figure out how to pair them instead of do these teams. So, okay. I can do that. 

That's easy fix. We're going to open source their API. Yeah. 

Yeah. They've been saying that forever, Jack. Yeah. 

Have that. Yeah. It's just like a constant. 

That's everything with BK is like, they say that they're working on something, but they've been working on it for like six months to a year. So it's just like, don't expect it, you know? Okay. Yeah. 

Yeah. It's unfortunate, but I'm like, especially with Repl.it now you can kind of quickly build out little core apps for yourself that would serve these functions, like provider availability all in one sheet, like would be really helpful. I don't know if that's an option in booking Koala to have all your providers availability together and be able to book that way. 

Yeah. Yeah. It's just one of those things.

Zapier is able to do basically almost anything you needed to do as far as connecting it to Parviz. But there's definitely, you know, features and things that booking Koala can do better. Like there's no like quarterly things, you know, like, which isn't a big deal for cleaning, but like when you're doing pressure washing or like those kinds of things, like quarterly or biannual or annual, like they're missing stuff there. 

It's good for cleaning. You know, it does what it needs to do, but they can definitely improve there. But any big questions here running at the end of time? Thanks everyone for your time.

I kind of just had a quick question about one of the cleans that I clean. Yeah. Can you hear me? So I've been cleaning it for like a year now. 

It's an Airbnb, but I'm just feeling like it's just so much of a hassle. And I would wonder how I could go about giving it to somebody else because so for me, it's 40 minutes there and then it takes two and a half hours to clean. And then sometimes it's 30 minutes to my neck clean. 

And I have to go to the laundromat literally two minutes down the road before and after to drop off the laundry and pick up the laundry. And then I also have to bring two of the comforters home if I don't finish washing them while I'm there. So I just wonder how other people go about doing Airbnbs and how you would toggle that.

Yeah. I mean, if you're not making enough money doing it, then I would reach out to a cleaner in the area to see if they'd be willing to take it on. And then you just take a cut or say you have to charge some more.

Okay. Yeah. Maybe I'll just try calling some cleaners in the area because it's the only clean I have out there. 

It's out of the way for me. Yeah. Makes sense.

Absolutely. Rick, Melissa, see you guys. Nicole, see y'all.

Bye. All right. Thank you. 

Bye-bye. Of course. Bye-bye.