What is, does Spanish have gachillo or gachina as like a small cat, like female or male cat or no, is that just Portuguese? That just sounds like Portuguese. Those are Portuguese sounds that are coming out of your mouth. Spanish does not make those sounds.

Ginha? Ginha? Yeah. What is like this, like making something small, like a, like a, no, ita. Ita.

Okay. So gatita? Yeah. Oh, really? So that's like a thing.

You could say it like that, but that's more like a nickname. It's not like proper. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

The Portuguese is gachinha. Yeah. They say a lot of chia, like chia, you know, oh my gosh.

Like, you know how we say Diego, they, they say diogio. Diogio? Mm-hmm. I'm like, your name's Diego.

He's like, it's diogio. He's like, oh, sorry. Diogio.

It's good. Okay. Well, we got, we got 30 minutes.

I wish we had, we'll schedule another time. I mean, we'll just keep talking about it, but 30 minutes, I gotta jump on actually to hire a VA for automations and SOP for our real estate stuff, because now we're just, all right. Like we got it figured out.

We just had another client sign up. So we just need to, we need some, someone to take care of onboarding and those kinds of things. But congrats.

Okay. Let's, do we want to look at the PowerPoint and just kind of go through that and see what, see what was good there? How did you feel about it? Like personally? I'm excited. Like, here's the reason it's only because I just know we can make it blow up.

It's just the opportunity for me. And on the thing, it says SBA loan, but I would just sound like a contender regardless. I'd just be like, let's just do seller's financing because I'm not even dependent on that money.

Like my company brings in enough for me to live. Yours would actually be considered extra. So let me show you the PowerPoint.

It's see, I put it in chat GPT by, cause it won't let you actually it's encrypted. So I couldn't share it with anybody or chat GPT. So all I did was did screenshots and shared it like that.

Okay. Let me see. Oh, I can't share it.

I have to, cause I'm on a different. Okay. Hold on.

Which part of taking the business over, do you feel most confident in and then also least confident in? Most confident in is that he has nothing. He has no booking system, which I would put everybody into a booking system, which is booking Koala. I would put all his guys like where they get a booking Koala.

It would cause then they get all their, you know, schedules and their W2. So they all have a steady schedule cause it's commercial. So it's not like they don't know what's going to happen.

And then what would I implement? Cause where he comes in to help them is if someone calls out, what I would do is be like, okay, well, if you know, you're going to call out. I'll call a backup. That's like on stand, like a waiter, like, Hey, can you cover my shifts tonight or that kind of thing? Yeah.

So he's actually going in, filling in and cleaning himself if someone calls out. Yeah. Gotcha.

Which worst case scenario I could do too. It's not that difficult, but I wouldn't have to. And then head sales doesn't seem too hard.

Like it's sales. What is my password? I can't even think of it right now. I don't know if booking Koala would work if he's got, cause booking Koala doesn't have quarterly, biannual or annual, so you might have to do, and then invoice creation.

I said in booking Koala, I can create it. I figured out in booking Koala how to create tiers a long time ago because I just played around in their system. So I could essentially figure that out.

But you can do frequency quarterly, cause there's people that were saying you couldn't do like quarterly, biannual and annual frequencies. Wait, why would you have to, for carpet cleaning, why would you have to do biannual, annual? For clients that are just looking for like a quarterly cleaning. Like it's typical in like different industries outside of house cleaning, they're like, I just want to do a quarterly cleaning.

I want to do a biannual. Yeah, we do that too. We do for our commercial clients now.

We just, yeah, that one's still hand to paper, actually. I just put like a reminder here. And then I would imagine they create invoices and send invoices automatically, which is no.

He does that manually. Okay. Yeah.

So you need, I mean, like I said, booking Koala maybe, but really booking Koala doesn't do that either. It'd be a jobber would be the one to put together something more comprehensive, but we could see, we could like play with it. Booking Koala is like, as far as home service providing, or like just... I've seen some carpet cleaners on there, on booking Koala, I think.

Yeah, yeah. But if it's more, okay. All right.

So I can see. All right. Can you see any of this? Yeah.

Yeah, I can see it. Okay. And I realized, hold on, I can't even go down it.

All right. There we go. This doesn't matter.

It's just telling me NDA, don't go directly to him, blah, blah, blah. Okay. And they give me a table of contents.

Okay, next. Thank you. And construction cleanup, but the construction cleanup is just the carpet side, I would imagine.

289, SDE. See, that's the stuff I probably wouldn't do though, the construction cleanup. You wouldn't want to do that? No.

Why? Outside my comfort zone. But it's outside of yours, but it's within the employees of the company's comfort zone. Those are one offs that he said over the phone.

Okay. And that's like 25% of their stuff. Okay.

Well, hold on. So like, you'd be cutting off 25% of the revenue, which would be $70,000-ish. I'd keep it now.

I mean, if he's going to stay on to transition the one offs and everything, my thing would be try to get more reoccurring. Yeah. Yeah, you just don't want to lose the one off because that cuts the business.

I see what you're saying. Yeah. And like, you don't have to be knowledgeable about it to have someone handle it.

Okay. Job description with clients. Okay.

Next one. He didn't finish 2025 yet. Okay.

Honestly, that's crazy. The revenue in 2023 and 2024 being within $300 of each other is a bit wild. Bad? It's just kind of like an anomaly.

But I mean, if he has the tax return, then, you know. He did get a pay raise. Yeah, he did get a pay raise.

And you have to look out to see if he was like a straightforward guy. I mean, his broker just seemed like they're willing to give us anything. Like he didn't.

He was just like in the owner's like super chill. Gotcha. One-time project work.

Some of which are completely completed directly by the owner. Low marketing spend. Personal mountain house expenses.

Yeah. He freaking put that on his taxes. I mean, like under the business.

I'm confused. He put the house under his business in the mountain. And deducted it from his taxes somehow.

Oh, and this is a no-debt sale. He explained to me that any debt that the owner has, the owner is taking on. Okay.

That's good. Yeah. Just asking ChadGT real quick on the how that affects the SDE.

He said it added to the SDE. I don't know. Has been adding expense work.

Because. Yes. Okay.

So. It says. Did they explain what adbacks were or no? It says it there.

Adbacks. All he said was that the mountain house expenses are supposed to be added to the SDE. He didn't add it, but he's supposed to add it because.

That wouldn't be deducted from my taxes because I don't have a mountain house. Okay. So, an adback.

So, what personal mountain house means, means the owner ran personal expenses through the business. And then added them back to show higher profit. So, the logic is this expense won't exist for you, the buyer.

So, we're putting it back into profit. Is this profit on paper 60K, but the owner paid 20K a year for mountain houses through business. So, they show an SDE of 80K.

For example. Yeah. The adbacks though are pretty big.

So, that means he was running a lot. I mean, how much does that mean he was running through? 63. $63,000.

In 2014. Appreciation. He had more.

Depreciation. So, he was able to write off more of it, meaning he had to add more back to the actual profit. Back to its mixed use.

So. Clean adback. Since they also list health insurance, personal expenses, he was running a lot of personal lifestyle.

Through the business, which is very common in small service businesses. So, what is the liability? For buying this business. That shouldn't have had an IRS.

I just want to make sure that you don't. Become liable for that. Yeah.

Okay. Adbacks are expenses the seller removes to make profit look higher. Yeah, it can be manipulated as the thing.

So, you kind of want to check what are the actual numbers for the adbacks. Because it inflates the, if you inflate the adbacks and inflate the sales discretionary earnings. And you can say, oh, it's actually worth this much.

And it's not. So, you just need like an actual breakdown of the adbacks. Especially when it went from $30K to it doubled in a year.

Like, why did it double in a year if he's had the business for 25 years? So, that's like a little bit weird. I don't know how to do it. I'll take on the sellers.

Okay. The general rule is that the buyer does not take on the seller's old debts just by buying the assets. So, it's good that they made that clear.

Tax clearance slash certificate of no tax due would be a good idea. Okay. All right.

Good to know. There's definitely some clarification needed in a breakdown of adbacks there. Just to make sure there's no inflation happening.

I'd be curious to look at like an actual revenue breakdown for 2023 and 2024. Because being within $400 is kind of crazy. But there's such a low variance there.

And the SDE just jumps 15K. Okay. Yeah.

He won't let me see any of that unless I... Well, the next step would be show my financials first. And then they'll show theirs. Did he give terms for seller financing? What that would look like? No, he just gave me this first.

Said if I have any questions to get back to him, we'll have another call. And then we'll go over terms of how I would want to go about paying for it. And then we went over his day-to-day.

And it just sounds like the majority of his day is adding work. Okay. Well, let's go to the next slide here and see what we got.

Around $289,000 annual revenue over multiple years. Current client base. Current owner works 25 to 40 hours a week.

Okay. Employed full-time employees. Maintains a long tenure.

No complex system or heavy overhead. No marketing up to date. Increased upside for a new owner.

Yeah, that's a big deal. 25 to 40 hours a week. Estimated? That's a full... And that's what you tell people, 40 hours a week, when you don't want to admit that you're doing more work.

It's just saying, we do the... We're working. He put that on there, but when he was on the call with me, he was like, they just do that. Well, he did that so he doesn't lie to people.

But really, they said he only works about 20 hours a week. And that's because half of it's admin and half of it is if his guys call out. I don't know, obviously, how true that is, but... Yeah, then why would you put 25 to 40? I mean, that's what I would do.

I would put higher so that people couldn't get mad at me. You know, it's like under-promised, over-delivered. Yeah.

I would just be honest with what it actually is. I would definitely guess on the higher end. Because maybe he does work 40 hours a week.

So he doesn't want someone to work 40 hours their first week and be like, you lied. Like, oh man, that's just the anomaly. Right.

Right. But if he's saying he only works like 20 hours a week, but sometimes works 40, it's like, okay, put like 20 hours to 40 hours, you know, and put like more information. Yeah, 25.

So it's like, that's the difference. But I would talk to him too, because after that, the call will be with the owner once I approve everything. Gotcha.

And that's what I read. His clients are churches, so are mine. Oh.

What? He has no contracts. Oh, yeah, I already knew that. But I can't say anything, neither do I. For commercial, we're actually technically month to month too.

Yeah. That's like a really big deal, though. Oh, it is? Yeah, it's like a humongous deal, because there's a difference between, hey, let me sell you this business.

It's doing $300,000 a year. And for the next year, you for sure are going to make at least $250,000 because there are contracts in place. Whereas if you do not have contracts, there is no guarantee.

It could be that there's no contract, so anything can happen. The value of the business drastically changes. If I just asked, let me just throw it in chat.

I can give you an example of what it's saying. Is it a little bit of a difference or a big difference? I think it's pretty massive. Because my thing is, he doesn't see their night work.

I don't think that transition will be too bad if they keep the same guys on. Yeah, the thing is that the relationship, let's just point out, it's very relationship based. This guy has connections.

Unfortunately, you've got to be the bad guy, play devil's advocate, right? Yeah, go for it. You come in and for some reason, the guy's a bit sour. He's not happy that within the two months or three months that you're transitioning, you are bringing in so much more business.

All of a sudden, you're on marketing, the business almost is doubling so fast. He thinks about where it would be in a year if he only had done so-and-so and did what that person told him. Now he's not doing it, he gets sour.

And he thinks, well, what if it's no contracts and it's all relationships? What if I just go and start doing just one or two of them? I say this because my parents went through this exact same thing and had a lawsuit. Oh. This isn't a surprise.

It was a very close friend. The 60-second rundown. My parents' friend had a martial arts gym, a jiu-jitsu gym.

She and her husband owned that gym. They split up, divorced. The business was going under.

They had a kid they had to take care of. The husband left to Brazil, left the wife. My parents came in and gave them a little bit of money, gave her a little bit more money, then took 30% ownership, then took 50%.

She said, guys, I need you guys to do this. Can you just take it? They took 100% ownership of the business. Well, my parents are somewhat good and smart in business.

They started to grow the business, started to do really well. They started to get recognition. They started to travel.

They started to do everything that that lady wasn't able to do. She was stuck in that business. She got upset.

She went and started the exact same business 10 miles away. Even though the contract and everything in the contract said that she wasn't allowed to do that. Here's the thing, it goes through arbitration and not through the legal system.

An arbitrator was used, which is basically an old retired judge. She hired a lawyer who would take a percent of the deal if it went her way. My parents ended up spending $300,000 to have a crumbling business.

Because she took the students, she took the instructors only to build back the business. And then the instructors, the employees that were running the business to then leave and do their own thing. Because they didn't like the way my parents were doing things.

All that to say, that's why the relationship aspect is really important to consider here. And when they're saying it's relationship heavy and you need him for the transitional period, then your relationship with him is like paramount. And you hope like, I mean, that lady, like that my parents bought the business from, they were best friends, like absolute best friends.

I like watch my mom just cry and cry and go through it because her best friend screwed her over for money. And you're going to know this guy for two, three months. So not to scare you, but just to like really take into consideration, it's like the contracts are like extremely important.

And the relationship is also extremely important because people will sell you a business and then undermine that very business they sold you to start another business. And they just can't, even if the contracts say they don't, my parents somehow lost the lawsuit, even though that was how it went, or the arbitration or whatever. And they paid, not only did they have to pay her money, which was like salt in the wound and my dad was so pissed, they garnished my dad's wages and they had to pay her legal fees and they had to pay the legal fees of the lawyer that they hired.

Yeah, I don't want to do it. Can I ask him then, can he get contracts in place then? I mean, if he's had these kind of relationships for that long, it doesn't take, it takes two seconds to be like, Hey, you're the contract, we're already doing it now. Yeah. 

Yeah. I think it'd be a good idea. Let me just ask, how's the value of business change based on figures? Oh my God, I feel for your parents. 

That would mess me up. Yeah. They, it set them back like huge.

Like it was like, they're like, I mean, what do we do all this for? I think they, after nine years in the business, I don't think they made, I think when they actually ran all the numbers, they made $20,000 after nine years in the business. It was, it was heartbreaking. And that was after selling the businesses.

Wow. So, um, okay. I asked how much it matters, said that matters a lot.

If there are no relationships, then a buyer is running on relationships. If there are no contracts, then a buyer is relying on relationships, habit, owner, goodwill, service, consistency. Earlier numbers were this.

If the earlier implied value was around 1.6 SDE, it's not automatically bad, but yeah, it's just an owner created like a book of relationships. That's why I said, how close is he with these people? And he said there, well, they could be lying to you. Yeah.

You can definitely use the slide because you just like the point, something beautiful about commercial is because it's standard to have contracts, not having contracts is not standard. Commercial is standard to have contracts. So you could definitely use that to push back on price.

Some, but I mean, it could be that they say, well, we actually already factored that into the price, but there's definitely some pushback. Okay. On a roll.

I got four minutes. 25 sometimes. Yeah.

Sometimes 40 hours per week during busier periods. Yeah. That's why I'm like, like he's saying 20 hours per week on average, but sometimes a little bit more because of the jobs.

I don't know. That's just, he's saying one thing to the broker or saying one thing here and then something different, but managing customer communication, personally leads and performs a significant portion, more variable one-time revenue segment. Okay.

Next one. Transition and training. Okay.

Next one. Oh, this is the stop. Yes.

Yeah. All right. Next one.

Oh, you want to look at this one? It has stupid numbers. 2,500 or 185 divided by 2,500. Hey, Siri, what's 185,000 divided by $2,548? 185,000 divided by 2,548.

So that's an SBA backed one. So that would mean that the seller gets the 205,000 and then we're paying back the bank. So the bank would be maybe could negotiate for a lower price there, but in one way or another, you definitely negotiate for a lower price.

Yeah. Income after debt service, you know, fall like now. So the two things that are major that I heard was the later because I know you guys got to go like in legit a minute.

I was just going to say regardless, I wouldn't take out an SBA loan. I would do sellers financing. If you can't do it, I wouldn't do it anyway.

Cool. Okay. Yeah.

So I probably set up another meeting with them and then just to get it rolling. And then let's do another meeting tomorrow. If not today, I'll just shoot you a text like after this call, but let's see like another meeting soon and we can look at it and see yeah, just what else you can get here.

Can you just go through the last three strides like super fast? Yeah. Well, it's pretty much done. Yeah.

We also need to know like the actual accounts that they have because if they just have like two accounts making up 50% of revenue is kind of a big deal. I'm sure. All right.

And then next one is just thank you for reading. Okay. All right.

Yeah, I'll message you. We'll find another time soon. This is exciting.

Whether it happens or not, it's kind of making me look at it and go, huh, I wonder like it looks like there's a seller financing because we do real estate stuff. It's like similar and that if you find a good deal and you just, you can cash flow with seller financing or even SBA loan. So, okay.

All right. I'll shoot you a message. We'll talk soon, Courtney.

All right. Bye. Thanks.

All right. There you go.